How's the sound quality and everything	音质什么的怎么样
Hello hello. Yeah I can hear you	哈喽哈喽 能听见你
Is it laggy or anything? -no it’s super clear- Is everything good? Good. Yeah, man	会卡吗 -不 非常清楚 -都可以吗 那很好
Really nice to see you, man. Holy shit hold on 1 second let me show you something	很高兴能见到你 哇靠 等一下 我给你看个东西
Bro, let me show you something. Bro. You see this	兄弟 我给你看个东西 你看到了吗
Yeah I see that	看到了
Sometimes I wonder, like, do you have any idea how popular you are in China? Do you have any idea	有时我会想 你到底知不知道你在中国有多受欢迎
No, not really	并不很知道
I think you're almost on s1mple’s level. I think a big reason -really?- I think a big reason is you look Asian, so it’s almost like seeing Jeremy Lin or Yao Ming in the NBA you know what I mean	我觉得你几乎在s1mple的级别 -真的吗 -跟你是亚洲人有关系 这就好比看到林书豪或者姚明打NBA一样 懂我意思吗
Because you're Asian and you play at such a high level and everything and you are just so freaking popular here. It’s crazy man	因为你是亚裔 打得又这么好 你的人气在这边简直太高了
That's really humbling to hear	这让我很荣幸
Do you have any idea what your nickname is in China	你知不知道你在中国的外号是什么
When I was on Liquid, some of the Huya people told me that my nickname was the Director	我在Liquid的时候 虎牙的人跟我说我的外号是总监
Director, yeah. So basically there's three levels to this. Number one director, it means like head of a department, right?	总监 是的 总监有三层意思 首先总监是部门总管的意思
You oversee like you own it. And then also it’s cause of your hair	你负责监督工作 然后还因为你的发型
When you walk into a barber shop in China, you can get your haircut by a regular barber. You can get your hair cut by some advanced barbe	你在中国理发的时候 你可以找一个普通的理发师 或者高级一点的理发师
and then someone would come in and he would be like the director. He would come out with like the craziest hair	然后有个人走进来 留着最拉风的发型 他就是发型总监
And that's when you know like that’s the guy. He's gonna do a good job on your hair. -I didn't know that there were levels to it	你一看就知道 就是他了 他给你剪头肯定剪得很好 -我之前不知道原来有这么多层意思
So there's like three layers like giving you a haircut. It works in English, too, like headshots, right	三层意思 在英文里也说得通 给人剃头就是爆头的意思
And you headshot so much, so there's like three layers to it, like you hand out haircuts	然后你这么擅长爆头 所以是三层意思 你给别人剃头
That's true. I didn't realize there is so much going on there	确实 我之前不知道原来这么内涵
Do you wanna how to say it? It’s Zong Jia	你想学一下怎么读吗 总监
Hey, Russ, can you give us a “hey guys, I’m Zong Jian”	Russ你可不可以给我们来一个 你们好 我是总监
That's pretty good. All right. Let's start. This is so exciting. We have so many questions to go through	挺好的 好的 咱们开始吧 太兴奋了 我们准备了很多问题
First of all, where in Canada are you from originally	首先 你之前是加拿大哪里人
I'm from British Columbia in the small town called Kelown	我来自英属哥伦比亚省的一个小镇 叫基洛纳
Oh you are from Kelowna? -Yeah it’s my hometown- I was in Vancouver for 8 years	啊你是基洛纳的吗 -是的 我的家乡 -我之前在温哥华待了8年
Really? Yeah that's where I still own an apartment, in Vancouve	是吗 我在温哥华还有间公寓
Kelowna is where they had all the… like Ocean and the boys, right? Like all the OG Canadian cs players, they're all from Kelowna, I remember	Ocean那帮人就是基洛纳的对吧 最早的那些加拿大CS选手 我记得他们都是基洛纳的
Yeah, most of them are from around that area, usually between like Vancouver and Kelowna. There's some small areas like Abbotsford and stuff	是的 他们大多数都在那边 在温哥华和基洛纳之间 还有一些小地方比如阿伯茨福德
Ocean and Semphis I remember, I actually played against them at LAN but this was like 10… 13 years ago, a long time ago. -haha, still count	我记得Ocean和Semphis 我线下赛还打过他们 不过这都得十…十三年前了 很久了- 哈哈 仍然算的
So Mr. Director, what kind of hair gel do you use? And how long do you spend on your hair every single day	总监先生 你都用什么发胶 你每天打理发型需要花多久
I usually, I’d say 10 or 15 minutes that's between like blow-drying and styling as well	一般来说 差不多10-15分钟吧 包括吹头和做发型
I mean hair gel... it's not really like a gel, it's like a paste	发胶的话 我这并不算发胶 算发泥吧
So it kind of just depends, depends on like what kind of texture your hair is	用什么产品取决于你头发的材质
So if your hair is like really coarse, or it's very soft, then that's what kind of material you have to use. You have to find what works for you. But I just use a paste on my hair	所以如果你头发特别粗糙 或者特别软 可能就得用(发胶) 你得找到一个适合你的产品 不过我就用发泥
Yeah, that's actually… 10, 15 minutes. That's actually way less than I expected. Because I thought like the hair that you pull out every single day would require so much longer	才10-15分钟吗 比我预期的要短很多 我以为你每天拉风的发型需要多得多的时间去打理
Sometimes I don't even style it. I just wake up and that's my hair like I came back from the gym like 10 minutes ago. This is just my hair like from how it is when I wake up	有的时候我根本不打理 醒了之后就直接是这个头了 比如现在这个 我10分钟前刚健身回来 我今天早上醒了就是这个头型
Speaking of gym, there's a lot of questions about your gym routine. Can you just sort of tell us a little bit about the role of working out in your life	说到健身 很多人在问你的健身日程 你可以讲一讲健身在你生活中的作用吗
Yeah, so at the end of 2018, I started exercising, but back then it was kind of just like cardio and small weight lifting	好的 2018年末的时候我开始健身 不过那时候只是做做有氧和比较轻的重量练习
And throughout 2019 and I progressed and I started focusing on it a lot more along my nutrition	然后整个2019年我就加强了训练 花很多精力在上面 包括我的饮食
And then at some point, it just became a thing that I needed in my life. I couldn't really function without it, like when I needed to release stress I needed to go work out	然后在某一个它就变成了我生活中的必需品 我就离不开健身了 需要释放压力的时候我就去健身
Over time it became the balance of my routine. There was something to divide my outside life stuff along with my job	久而久之就成了我每日计划中的那个平衡 把我的工作和生活其他事情隔开
Do you think working out affects your game performance in a positive way	你觉得健身会积极地影响你在比赛中的发挥吗
Yeah of course. I think it leads to a lot of confidence. And when you're a new gym goer and you really get into it, it starts to build that discipline for you	当然了 我觉得健身给我带来很多自信 当你开始好好健身的时候 你就会开始建立自律性
Where like if you're in the gym and you're not afraid of failing, you're not afraid of trying to lift heavier weights, and it's okay to fail, because it starts to build that limit	比如你在健身房里 不怕失败 不怕去挑战更大的重量 失败没有关系 这会帮你找到你的极限
I feel like you can apply that limit to everything else in life, as long as you have the same mentality	你可以把这种极限应用到生活中的其他事情 只要你抱有相同的心态就可以
This question comes from a diehard fan of yours, the necklace that you wear all the time, what is the story behind it	这个问题来自于你的一个铁粉 你总是会戴的那条项链 背后的故事是什么
This one, or the blue one? -I guess, the one you wear when you play matches. Is that the one	这条吗 还是蓝色那条 -应该吧 你打比赛戴的那条 是那条吗
The necklace I’m wearing right now is a partnership necklace with my girlfriend. So we both have matching necklaces	我现在戴的这条项链是和我女朋友的情侣项链 我们有匹配的一对
What I wore when I was on Liquid, the gold one, it was kind of like my first, a first expensive thing that I’ve ever purchased before	我在Liquid戴的金的那条 算是我买过的第一个比较贵的东西
So I started to always wear it with me and I feel like it brought some kind of aura to my life, like when I started investing into myself and trying to focus on like my appearance and be healthier,	我开始戴了之后 我就觉得它给我的生活带来了一种光环 当我开始对自己投资 开始专注于自己的形象 更健康地生活
I feel like that's when things started to change in my life, so I started to look at the necklace as sign of luck or a sign of progression	我觉得就是那个时候我的生活开始变好了 所以我把那条项链当做吉祥物或者进步的一种标志
So Mr. Director, how are you so cool in every aspect? Your personality, your playstyle, your grip and everything, just the way that you carry yourself… 	总监先生 你为何全方位地都能这么酷 你的性格 你的打法 鼠标握法等等 你的行为举止
When did all this whole persona form for you	这整个人格是什么时候形成的呢
Probably formed around the later stage of 2018. That’s when I started working out and stuff	差不多在在2018年后期形成的吧 那时候我开始健身了
And before that, I decided to try to like change myself because I felt like I was boring, like I had like a boring personality	在那之前 我下决心改变自己 我之前觉得我有点无趣 我的性格有些无趣
I wanted to be like… I feel like there was more to me than what I was showing	我就想成为 我觉得当时我展现出来的并不是完整的自己
And then I kind of just let it go and I didn't really care about what the public had to say -you just let loose- and I just want to be mysel	然后我就放开了 不管别人怎么说 -你就放飞自我了 -我就只想做自己
Yeah, I just wanted to be myself and that's where I feel it started rolling. And I didn't really care about the public eye	是的 我就想做我自己 然后我就觉得一切都开始改变了 不去管别人怎么看我
I think other things like my mouth grip and stuff were just unintentional. Honestly, my grip wasn't always like that. It just transitioned into that	我觉得其他事情 比如我的鼠标握法 是无意的 我的握法并不一直是那样的 是慢慢过渡到那样的
I feel like staying cool under pressure is just about having a strong mentality. And I feel like I built that up over the past years	我觉得在压力下保持冷静要得益于有强大的心态 我觉得在过去这些年我逐步炼就了这个
So the hairstyle, the tattoo and all the cool stuff, the personalized stuff, do you think these things give you confidence when you're playing in matches	你的发型 纹身 这些酷的个性的东西  你觉得会在比赛时给你信心吗
Not really, I just look at it like it's who I am, the tattoos and stuff. There is a reason to get all the tattoos and I’m happy with the things I’ve chosen to put on myself	并不算吧 我觉得这些都是我的一部分 纹身什么的 去做这些纹身是有原因的 我很满意我刻在身上的这些东西
But yeah, of course it leads to the confidence, but it's kind of just, not everyone can get a tattoo. It could be very painful for some people	不过也是 确实会带来自信 并不是每一个人都能做纹身 它对于一些人来说会很痛苦
So I feel like that was kind of trying to break a barrier down. When I first started getting tattoos, it's like I have to prove to myself that I’m strong. And that was part of the process	所以对我来说纹身打破了一种屏障 我刚开始做纹身的时候 那感觉就像是我要向我自己证明我够坚强 这也是成长的一部分
So Mr. Director, how did you come by CSGO? What were the events that led you to start playing CSGO	总监先生 你是如何接触到CSGO的 是因为什么才开始打CSGO的
but then for 3 or 4 months, we only focused on League of Legends. And we were playing as a group, and it was pretty fun	后来有三四个月之间 我们就只玩英雄联盟 一起组队玩 还挺开心的
But then some of us kind of got bored of the game per se. So I went with two other friends and we started playing CS and then that's where it started	不过后来有些人有点厌倦英雄联盟了 然后我就和两个朋友开始玩CS 就是那时候开始的
In 2014, I started playing CS a lot, and my other friends kind of gave up on it slowly	2014年我开始经常玩CS 我其他的朋友慢慢都放弃了
But for me, it was like the best game ever. I just loved everything about cs, like the economy aspect, the learning curve, you have to learn the spray patterns and everythin	但对于我来说 CS就是史上最好的游戏 我爱CS的一切 经济系统 学习曲线 你需要去学习弹道轨迹之类的
You have to learn positioning like how to peek and I just enjoy every second of playing the game	你要学习选位 如何露/拉 玩这游戏的每一秒钟我都很享受
There was no other game that gave me this intense feeling of like when you're in a clutch situation, and all the pressure’s on you, no other game gave me tha	没有别的游戏能给我这种紧张激烈的感觉 当你打残局 所有压力都在你身上的时候 没有别的游戏给过我这种感觉
like when I was playing League, I never had that feeling like I have to clutch up for my team right now. I felt like there was never that situation	我玩英雄联盟的时候 从没有过有一种我得为我的队伍赢下残局的感觉 因为不会遇到这样的情形
But in CS it was a special feeling. There's a lot of things about the game that brought me in. And I have a big passion for the game I feel	但在CS这是一种很特别的感觉 CS的很多东西都把我吸引了进去 我对这个游戏有很大的热情
Were you like insane right away at CS or	你上来就很厉害吗
I think I was a lot better than the average person that would touch the game for the first time	我觉得我比刚接触这游戏的人一般都要厉害很多
But when did you realize that ok I’m pretty sick at this? Like I can make a living out of thi	但你是什么时候发现 啊我真挺强的 我可以靠这个吃饭
Probably shortly after Ocean brought me on to his team, it was the first pro league season	估计是Ocean刚带我去他队里的时候 第一个Pro League赛季
because at the time they were still like besides C9, it was like the biggest org in NA, that's when I felt like okay this is the part where my career needs to take off right now	因为当时除了C9他们就是北美最大的俱乐部了 那时我就觉得 好的 我的职业生涯现在需要起飞了
And you just never looked back -no- never looked back	然后你就再没回过头 -再没回过头
What is the most meaningful skin to you? And what is the story behind it	对你最有意义的皮肤是哪个 背后的故事是什么
That’s tough to say. It's probably the Red Kimono gloves to be honest. I just like the color of them	很难讲 估计是深红和服的手套吧 我喜欢它们的颜色
In 2017, or 2018, only top tier players were using the gloves. I felt like I was in that upper echelon of high skilled players, I just like the colors. I don't know	17 18年那会 只有最强的那些选手们会用手套 我觉得我属于最高级别的选手的范畴里 很喜欢那个颜色
It's red and black and white, and it has the Canadian flag colors. I'm proud to be a Canadian. So it fits to me	红 黑 白 有加拿大国旗的颜色 我是一名自豪的加拿大人 所以很适合我
Bit of foreshadowing too, because it’s Faze’s color, right? -Yeah now it’s Faze’s color	而且是个伏笔 因为它是Faze的颜色对吗 -是的 现在是Faze的颜色了
So how did you get them? Did you open a case or you just bought them? Is there a story behind it	你是怎么得到它们的 开箱子还是直接买的 背后有故事吗
Back in 2017. I just bought them. It was probably one of my first expensive CS skin purchases	17年的时候我就买了 应该是我买的第一个贵的CS皮肤
Once you buy them you're just like okay I just bought these like I gotta get really serious now	你买了它们之后就觉得好的 我买了这手套 我就得非常认真打游戏了
Yeah, before I was buying like 300-400 dollar knives. Whenever like if I wanted to go change knives, I’d just sell them and buy another one	是的 之前我就买些三四百美元的刀 我想换刀的时候就卖了然后再买一个
But the gloves were like 800-900 dollars and I like it's a bigger purchase for me	但手套是八九百美元 所以是一个更重要的购买
So a ton of people are asking about your aim routine. Can you go through your aim routine for us every single day	很多人在问你的练枪计划 你可以介绍一下你每天的练枪计划吗
Yeah, so before practice and stuff, obviously I’m on player break now, my routine is different, but during the season, when I get on CS instantly go into aim_botz and I play for 10 to 15 minutes there	好 在训练之前 当然了现在我在休假 我的练枪计划会有所不同 不过在赛季中的时候 我打开CS就会去aim_botz 然后打10到15分钟
And then when the aim feels good enough for me, also when I’m in aim_botz, I don’t line up all the opponents in one sector. I leave the map as it is like when you first load in	然后我觉得准度差不多了的时候 还有我打aim_botz的时候 我不把对手全放在一个区域里 你进图里什么样就是什么样
So you're spinning and you're rotating -yeah, rotating a lot like focusing on flicking left and right or just keeping it general,	所以你会一直转 -是的 会转很多 专注左右的甩枪
because I feel like when you narrow down the aiming fields, it's unrealistic. It's not like how the actual game would be when you're playing	我认为当你缩小瞄准范围的时候 就变得不实际了 真正比赛的时候不是这样的
So I kind of just leave it as it is when I first join the server. After 10 to 15 minutes, I join a DM session and I play there for probably 20 to 30 minutes. Sometimes I just like lose track of how long i'm playing when I don't have practice	所以进来的时候图什么样我就让它什么样 10到15分钟之后 我就开始打死斗 然后打差不多二三十分钟 有时没有训练的时候 我打死斗都会忘记时间
So I just keep playing until I feel like it's enough, but I usually play dm up until I practice	所以我就一直打到我觉得够了的时候 平时我一般打死斗打到开始训练
Lately, something that’s part of my routine that's not aim related is surfing. -oh my god you surf? Dude, I just got into serving man -I surf a lo	最近我的练习计划跟枪法无关的是滑翔 -我的天哪 你滑翔吗 兄弟 我最近很沉迷滑翔 -我滑得很多
I can surf most tier2 maps, but that's about it	我可以滑完大部分2级图 不过也就这样了
Yeah. Usually I just use surf haven, like very easy server, and I just focus on cutting my times down	是的一般我会在surf haven 非常简单的服里 然后就试着改善我的通关时间
I was literally serving for like half an hour before the interview -really?- And my fans were like hey you should ask Twistzz about if he likes to surf or not	采访之前我真滑了差不多半小时 -真的吗 -我的粉丝们还说你应该问问总监喜不喜欢滑翔
Cause I know that f0rest surfs, but I didn’t know that you would be so into surfin	因为我知道f0rest经常滑翔 但我不知道你会这么喜欢
Yeah, I think a couple of players are into surfing. For me, it's like more fun. I wanted to find something within cs that I could use to pass time, cause I don't really like going to other games to pass time	是的 有些选手就很喜欢滑翔 对于我来说 很有意思 我想在CS里找一个可以打发时间的模式 因为我不是很喜欢用其他游戏打发时间
And it started… our first bootcamp as a team in Serbia, karrigan was surfing a lot, and then it kind of made everyone competitive, like everyone wanted to get on the server and beat his time	我们队的首次训练营 在塞尔维亚的时候 karrigan会经常滑翔 然后每个人都竞争起来了 大家都想进服打破他的记录
So ever since then I kind of just got stuck to surfing	从那以后我就喜欢上滑翔了
Back to DM real quick. What do you think is the most correct way to play dm	再回到死斗的话题上 你觉得打死斗最正确的方法是什么
Sometimes when some people play dm they're like I just get shot in the back like there’s no point. What do you say to that	有些人打死斗的时候就觉得 我总是屁股被打 死斗没有意义 对此你有什么看法
Honestly, that's kind of just the game, especially when you join a dm server that has 24+ people, it becomes very hard to avoid getting shot in the bac	说实在的 这就是游戏的一部分 尤其是你进那种超过24个人的死斗服 想不被打屁股就变得非常难
So usually for me I just hope I get lucky when I spawn and that I can get out of the spawn trap	对于我来说 我就希望出生的时候能运气好点 能逃出出生的陷阱
Then usually I just try roaming on the map, but obviously it's different for each skill level	然后我一般就四处乱跑 当然了 对于不同级别的玩家是不一样的
For me, it would be easier to run around the map and win the aim duels that I’m taking and like whatever part, mirage or dust2	对于我来说 四处乱跑赢下对枪会更容易些 不管是在mirage还是dust2
I'd say for people, it’s easier to let your nerves go a bit and just like volume zero and put music on. -It's so relaxing when you put volume on zero. Dm becomes so relaxin	对大部分玩家来说 我觉得放轻松 把音量调到0会更好 -音量调到0死斗就变得很轻松
Yeah it becomes like a workout session. You just put your music on and everything else doesn't matter now	是的 就变成像健身训练一样 把音乐打开 什么都不重要了
So I feel like that's what most people should focus on doing, because I get tilt when I die to people walking around in a dm server. -listening to footstep	我觉得大部分人可以这样 因为我被在死斗里静步的人打死就会很破防 -那些听脚步声的人
Yeah, I just get pre-fired running around the corner. I was like that's great man congratulations	是的 我跑着跑着转角就被提前枪打死了 我就 真有你的 恭喜你
Yeah. I think the best way to train is volume zero and focus on your aim. -and don't ever press tab. Just play -pretty muc	是的 我觉得最好的训练方式就是音量0 然后专注于你的瞄准 -都不要按TAB 打就完了 -基本上是
There's no point of pressing tab unless you feel like you have a goal, you're like trying to reach a certain amount of kills in a certain amount of time. Then I understand like pressing tab	按TAB没有意义 除非你有一个人头或者时间的目标 那样我就觉得可以按TA	So what are your thoughts on the recent roster shuffles, monesy to G2, dupreeh magisk to Vitality. What are your thoughts on that	你对最近的阵容调整怎么看 monesy去G2 dupreeh和magisk去Vitality 
Yeah, it seems like changes are getting more and more confirmed every week	是的 感觉每周都会有更多变阵消息得到证实
I think both the changes are… I’d say the Vitality one is a bit more interesting. You have two players that have never played on an international team before	我觉得这两个变阵 Vitality的变阵更有意思些 两名选手都从来没在国际纵队打过
I mean all of the players actually have never played on an international team before. Apex has always led in French. Zywoo’s never had teammates who spoke English	其实所有选手都没在国际纵队打过 Apex之前一直都用法语指挥 Zywoo从没有过说英语的队友
And then on the other side, you have dupreeh and magisk who have also never played on an international team before, have not communicated in English as often as the international teams	而在另一边dupreeh和magisk都从没在国际纵队打过 没有其他国际纵队那么丰富的用英语交流的经验
So I think it's gonna be like a learning curve for them. And I don't think they're gonna be instantly good. I think it's gonna take them probably 5 or 6 months to really hash things out before they see any results, like top fours or whatever	所以我觉得他们会有一条学习曲线 我不认为他们能立刻很厉害 我觉得他们会花五六个时间去磨合 然后才能看到类似前4的成绩
For monesy to G2, I think it's kind of like a s1mple story, I guess, although he shouldn't really want to live in the shadow of s1mple	对于去G2的monesy 我觉得有点像s1mple的故事 不过他不应该活在s1mple的阴影下
I think he has the potential to become greater than that, but I think it's a pretty big leap. It's like a newer player, and you get the play along the side of NIKO and HUNTER and whoever else they pick up, 	我觉得他有潜力成为更好的选手 但确实是个比较大的飞跃 一名新的选手 要去和NIKO HUNTER并肩作战 以及他们签下的其他选手
They have high tier players on the team. So I think at first, it's gonna be a lot of pressure, but I think he’ll fit into a system. Nowadays, awpers are very dominant	他们队里有很高级别的选手 所以我觉得一开始会有很多压力 不过我觉得他应该能融入系统里狙击手在目前有绝对的统治力
So as long as like whatever leader they end up picking up, or if they keep NEXA, I think he'll have success on the team, 	所以不管他们签下哪个指挥 或者留下NEXA 我觉得monesy会在队里收获成功
but at the same time, I think it will take some time because he was playing in a full CIS team, an academy team	不过与此同时 他会需要一些时间 因为之前他在一个CIS的青训队里
I think international teams are a lot harder for players that originally just communicated in their native language	我觉得国际纵队对于那些之前一直用母语交流的选手来说要难很多
And what are your thoughts on kennyS trying to get back into competitive cs	你对kennyS试着回归竞技CS怎么看
I think it's great. I think the only reason he wasn't in competitive CS before was when shortly after NIKO joined G2, he re-signed his contract and then he instantly got benched with a full contract length	我觉得非常好 我觉得他之前没有在竞技CS的唯一原因是 NIKO来G2之后他很快就续约了 然后马上就坐板凳了 一整个合同的时间
So that's kind of like… not a career killer, but it puts a big pause on your contract, especially if other orgs don’t wanna buy you out	所以这就像是 也不是职业生涯的终结 但是会暂停你的生涯 尤其是其他俱乐部不想买断你合同的时候
Mhm. So I think that was a very unfortunate situation and I think that was bad by G2 to do that to him	所以我觉得是一个很不幸的情形 G2对他的做法是不好的
But I hope another team picks them up in the future. I'm not sure when his contract expires, but whenever it does, I feel like teams should trial him and test them out, because I think there's still something there	不过我希望在未来其他的队可以签下他 我不确定他的合同什么时候到期 不过到期的时候我认为其他的队应该让他试试 我觉得他还能发挥作用
There's still something in him. He's only still like 25, he's not like 30, he's still like 25 years old	他宝刀未老是吧 他现在其实也就差不多25岁 又不是30了
Yeah, exactly. He has a lot of experience as an awper. And I feel like he could be useful to a lot of teams, even a team like MOU	对的 他作为狙击手的经验非常丰富 我觉得他会适合很多队伍 哪怕MOUZ也可以
An overwhelming number of comments are saying… I can't ignore this anymore. So ropz to Faze. Is there any ground to it? Is there anything that you can tell us right now	非常非常多的弹幕在说 我没有办法不管了 ropz去Faze有什么根据吗 现在你有什么可以透露给我们的吗
There's no confirmations. I think a number of orgs are trying to get him at the moment. But honestly there's nothing to confirm to be honest at the moment, just keep an eye out on the reports coming out	现在没有确切的消息 我知道有几个俱乐部目前都想得到他 不过说真的目前没有什么确切的消息 等着看报道就好了
Do you feel like ropz would be a good fit at Faze, hypothetically	你觉得ropz会适合Faze吗 假设来说
Hypothetically, from the comments I see I don't think people really understand roles. So in the instance if we were to swap out the player that people think will be swapped out for him, then the roles fit	假设来说的话 从我看到的评论里 人们并不理解角色这个东西 如果我们用他换掉人们觉得会被换掉的那个人 那么角色是适合的
And if you look at him going to like other orgs, I don't think the roles really check out, especially in the team like Vitality or G2. I don't think the roles fit. So hypothetically, yeah. I think it checks out for us	但如果他去其他队了 尤其是Vitality或者G2 我不认为角色是合适的 所以假设来说 是的 ropz适合我们
When you stop playing for a while, how do you get back in form	当你有一段时间不打游戏的时候 你如何找回状态
Even for me, when I take a 5 day break and I come back, the game doesn't feel as it did before. For me, when I stop playing over a break and I come back, I usually just focus on aim_botz	即便是我来说 当我5天不打再回来时 这游戏的感觉就不一样了 所以我休息一段时间再回归的时候 我一边就专注打aim_bot
Now it would be aim_botz and surfing for like 2 or 3 days	现在就是玩两三天aim_botz和滑翔
And then after that I’ll do my usual routine like aim_botz and dm and then I’ll play retake servers or whatever. That's how I’ll coast back into it	然后我就会去做我日常的计划 aim_botz和死斗 回防服之类的 我就会这样慢慢回归
You’ve been playing lot of Horizon	最近是不是老玩地平线
Yeah I got the Fanatec set up on my desk. I was playing Horizon yesterday and the game crashed a couple of times	是的 我这桌上都装好Fanatec设备了 昨天我玩地平线但是游戏崩了好几次
What's your favorite car, in horizon and in life	你最喜欢的车是什么 在地平线里还有现实里
I'm a big fan of the Silvias by NISSAN, s14 or s13 or the s15. I think they're all timeless cars. There's a reason that they're big staples in the JDM industry	我很喜欢尼桑的Silvia s13 s14 s15这些 我觉得他们都是永恒的经典 JDM圈里非常经典的车型
Probably s15 would be my dream car. I don’t really like supercars. I feel like when you get a supercar, it's mainly for the message that you're trying to send and it's not about having fun	S15估计就是我梦想的车吧 我不是很喜欢超跑 我觉得你买超跑主要是为了传达一种信息 而不是为了开心
It’s not about really being in the cars. I feel like when you have muscle cars or when you have JDM cars, there's so much you can do with them	并不是为了置身于车中 我觉得在肌肉车或者JDM车上有很多可以做的事
And if you really enjoy working on cars and getting dirty, then I feel like they're just the best	如果你喜欢折腾车 干脏活累活 那这些车就是最好的
There’s so much you can do to the cars, either LS engine swaps or you're just like going through the parts and everything. Yeah. Think there's a lot there	有非常多可以做的事情 比如换LS发动机 其他零部件之类的 有很多事情
Just how good is FPL in Europe? And how does it differ from, North American FPL	欧洲的FPL到底有多强 和北美FPL有什么区别
I’d say the beginning of last year, well it's not 2022 yet, but at the beginning of 2021, I played FPL a decent amount before joining Faze	去年开始的时候 不对 还没2022年呢 2021年年初的时候 我加入Faze之前打了不少的FP
And I think it was good back then for me to keep active, while not on a team yet. So I didn't mind playing, and there was a decent amount of good players playing	我觉得那时候对于我是很好的事 在加入一个队前保持状态 所以我挺喜欢玩的 那时候有不少高手在玩
It wasn't just always like Russian players or the typical FPL players that you see. It would be Astralis players playing or Faze players playing	那时候不都是俄罗斯玩家或者现在那些典型的FPL选手们 那时还有Astralis的Faze的队员们会打
But now I feel like it's kind of fallen off a bit where it could be considered Russian pro league. To be honest, I feel like there's so many CIS players that play, way more than European players	但现在可能有点下降 现在就像俄罗斯pro league一样我觉得 有好多CIS选手在打 比欧洲选手要多多了
And besides skill level, because when you play in Europe, obviously the players are gonna shoot harder	然后就是水平 欧洲的选手肯定枪法要硬很多
It’s gonna be way harder opponents to play against compared to NA and I think that's the only difference right now is mechanical skill	你的对手比北美要强很多 我觉得目前唯一的区别就是操作水平
But how do these new European players get picked up or get noticed? If FPL is just full of Russians	那这些新的欧洲选手如何被注意到然后被发掘呢 如果FPL全是俄罗斯选手的话
Usually it’s through FPL still, because usually you will have that star that comes out. And they're kind of like the hidden gem in the circuits	现在一般还是通过FPL 还是会有明星选手脱颖而出 他们就像隐藏的珍宝
But I feel like the recent players that got picked up weren’t even from FPL there's something going on like behind the scenes, for instance, like when Vitality replaced Rpk, the person wasn’t in FPL at al	不过最近一些被发掘的选手都不是FPL出来的 我觉得幕后有一些动作 比如当Vitality替换Rpk时 那个人都不是在FPL里的
They just picked him up out of the dry from either like local LANs or whatever	他们就凭空签下了他 从当地线下赛之类的
I feel like that's a good approach to take, taking a new player like that. But before I think the last good EU player that was taken from FPL and put on a team was probably broky, broky to Faze	我觉得这也是一个好办法 就这么签下一个新选手 在那之前我觉得上一个FPL发掘出来的好选手就是broky了 Faze签下的broky
but yeah it doesn't happen often. And right now I feel like the CIS talent pool is a lot bigger than the other regions	是的 不是很经常能发生 现在CIS选手池比其他地区要大很多
I think Faze probably has one of the best atmospheres, or the best of vibes out of all the pro teams. Do you think that positive vibe carries on to matches	Faze可能有着职业队里最好的气氛和氛围 你觉得这种积极的氛围会延续到比赛中吗
Yeah of course, I think our positivity and the way we act as a team has a big impact on our mentality and how we are able to stay into it	当然了 我觉得我们的积极性 还有我们整队的作风对我们的心态有很多帮助 以及我们的韧性
And we obviously pull off a lot of comebacks. It's because there's not really negativity I’d say. We’re all focused into the game. We're all invested. We want to see each other succeed. And we play for each other	很显然我们能打出很多逆风翻盘 因为没有消极情绪 我们都很专注比赛 投入了很多 我们希望看到彼此成功 为彼此而战
And I think that's what helps us keep going forward, even though we don't really see that many good results. But we know, event after event, we're still putting in the work in between and we're trying hard	我觉得这会帮助我们向前进 虽然我们的成绩不是那么好 但我们知道 一个个赛事之后 我们还是很努力
And I think that's something that just comes from a good atmosphere	我觉得好的氛围就能让选手这样
So you used to play for a very talented IGL nitr0, who you have a great relationship with	你曾与一名很有天赋的指挥nitr0共事 你和他的关系非常好
Now, you're playing for another legendary IGL karrigan. What do you think is the difference between their style and similarities	现在你与另外一名传奇指挥karrigan合作 你觉得两人风格的不同和共同点是什么
I'd say they're honestly very similar from what I had, given that karrigan is a lot more prepped. I feel like he's always focused on changing the strats that we use before going into the game, rather than during the game	老实说两人很相像 karrigan的准备会更充分 我感觉我们比赛前他会很专注于修改我们的战术
Whereas nitr0 will be really focused on mid round calling or adapting mid game	而nitr0会比较专注于中局的指挥和应变
So I think those are the two differences, but at the same time, the similarities they share is like they're really good at adapting	我觉得不同点就在这里 不过同时他们都非常擅长应变
Both of these IGLs like honestly, we probably don't even need a strap book, if we just default into the game and then adapted	这两个指挥 我们可能都不需要一个战术本 我们就打默认然后应变就好了
I have full faith in both in-game leaders to figure out what's happening to us and what the perfect counter would be	我完全相信两个指挥能读懂对面的做法 并作出完美的应对
I guess obviously the difference is one was an awp IGL and one is an entry IGL. Right now, I don't really know which one I would prefer, because both of them are very, very needed like in the current meta,	当然了 还有一个不同就是一个是打狙的指挥一个是打突破的指挥 目前我并没法说更喜欢哪个 在目前的常规打法当中两个人都非常关键
because I don't think teams can afford to have a passive IGL anymore. I just don't think it works like your IGL needs to be awping or it needs to be entrying	我觉得职业队已经不能有打法保守的指挥了 这样不行 你的指挥要么就打狙要么就打突破
I'm just happy to have played with both in my career already	我很高兴在我的职业生涯和两个人都合作过
So are you still in touch with your old Liquid teammates	你和之前Liquid的队友们还保持联系吗
Yeah, I still, whenever I see them at events, I usually talk to them. During Blast, I talked to EliGE a decent amount. We're still a good friends	是的 在赛事看到他们时我一般都会去聊天 在BLAST的时候 我跟EliGE聊了很多 我们仍然是好朋友
I still probably talk to nitr0 the most. Even when he was in Valorant, we’d still like chat or try to play games. It's nice to have that relationship that carries on past the past your era as teammates	Nitr0估计仍然是我联系最多的那一个 即便当他在打瓦罗兰特的时候 我们仍然一起聊天 打游戏什么的 这种关系在不做队友了之后还能持续就非常好
Cause I feel like when you accomplish so much together and then you don't talk afterwards it’s kinda sad, like did you really build anything up from that history	因为如果你们一起成就了那么多 之后却不联系 就很悲哀 这段时间里你们到底建立了什么 
But who knows? Maybe one day I’ll get to play with them again in a competitive environment	谁知道呢 也许有一天我能又能跟他们一起竞技
What are your thoughts on nitr0 coming back to CS? And do you think that there's a resurgence to NACS	你对nitr0回归CS怎么看 你觉得NACS在复兴吗
I think I'm pretty happy that he's coming back and that he left Valorant. And I think he's kind of making other players that left cs for Valorant reconsider their option to	我很高兴他能回来 离开瓦罗兰特 我觉得这让一些离开CS去瓦的选手重新考虑他们的选择
and probably starting to think that maybe going back to cs is like the better play given all the LANs that will happen next year	去想也许回归cs是更好的选择 因为明年会有很多线下赛
If that happens, I can definitely see a resurgence in NACS. But until more players come back, like autimatic and stuff, I think it will be hard for NA to rebuild fully	如果这样的话我觉得NACS肯定能复兴 不过直到autimatic等等选手回归之前 NA想完全重建会比较困难
But as of right now, I think the rumored Liquid team looks pretty strong. And I’m happy that the NA scene and will have like a staple team to look forward to again	现在的话 传言的Liquid阵容感觉挺强的 我很高兴NA能又有一支值得期待的旗舰队伍
So you recently switched to the g pro wireless. What are your thoughts on it	你最近开始用GPW2 感想是什么
Yeah, obviously I’m Steelseries ambassador, so I work with them closely on their products. I was just having some small issues, the mouse I was using. And obviously I’ve relayed the feedback to them and stuff	我是赛睿大使 我与他们紧密合作设计产品 之前我用的赛睿鼠标有些小问题 我都反馈给他们了
And we're working on making a better product. But in terms of the other mice that I switched to, I think they're very well and it's nice for me to get to use them too	我们在合作研发更好的产品 我使用的其他鼠标都很不错 有机会用它们也很好
Because then when I go back I could help Steelseries create a better product. That’s because I have the experience of using the newer mice that have come out. I have nothing negative to say about the recent mice I've used	因为当我回归赛睿鼠标时我就能帮助赛睿研制更好的产品 以我使用其他更新的鼠标产品的经验 我对最近用的其他鼠标都没什么意见
So Mr. Director, who is the player that you look up to the most	总监先生你最敬仰的选手是谁
It’s hard to say, but right now I feel like I don't really have a player that I look up to anymore because I feel like I’m past that point, whereas before, I could look up the players like f0rest and stuf	很难说 现在我并没有一个敬仰的选手 我感觉我已经过了那个阶段了 之前我能敬仰f0rest这样的选手
You know the legends at the time, like Olof back in 2015, but I feel like I’m far past that point where I don't have to look up the players anymore. I want to make players look up to me. That's kind of the goal now	当时的传奇选手们 比如15年的Olof 不过我觉得我早就过了那个阶段了 我不需要敬仰其他选手 我想让选手们敬仰我 这就是我现在的目标
So what do you see yourself becoming? Where do you think that you're gonna go eventually	那你觉得你自己会成为什么样的选手 能达到什么样的高度
I feel like on the current trajectory for me, as long as I’m still working as hard as I did the entire year, and once we stabilize a bit on our current roster, then I’ll start to feel way more consistent	我觉得对于我目前的轨迹来说 只要我能保持今年一整年这样努力训练 我们的阵容一旦稳定下来 我也会感觉稳定很多
As of right now, I feel like I’m a pretty consistent player, especially on LAN, and it's all about our team getting better because that's when stars can really shine	目前我觉得我是一个发挥比较稳定的选手 尤其是在线下赛 很重要的是我们全队都能提高 这样明星选手才能真正的发光发热
If you look at NAVI right now, s1mple is putting up insane performances, but that's because he has a way stable team	你看NAVI现在 s1mple有着逆天的发挥 这是因为他的队伍很稳定
He can consistently do that now because of how stable his team is -And doesn't have to worry about anything else, just go out and fra	他这样发挥得益于他队伍的稳定 -他不需要管其他的 就去拿人头就好了
Yeah, exactly. There's always a game plan and he trusts his teammates, whereas back in the past, he didn't really trust his teammates anymore	没错 他们总是有制胜战术 他相信队友 而之前他就没有很相信队友
And I think that goes for like every team that had an era. They had really good cohesion. If you look at Astralis, device was shining and players were shining because they believed in the system and that teamwork was good	我觉得每一个有过王朝/时代的队伍都是这样 他们很有凝聚力 你看Astralis那时候 device发光发热 其他队员也是 因为他们相信自己的体系 配合也很好
And it's no different for us like in 2019 Liquid, when we had three players in the top ten. And that's just because of our teamwork. And we have full belief in the system	我们2019年的Liquid也是这样 我们有3名选手在top 10 这得益于我们的团队配合 还有我们完全信任我们的体系
So we just need to find that in Faze and stabilize and find consistency	所以我们要找到Faze的体系 稳住 然后寻求稳定的发挥
Yeah, I think it stems from Faze’s 2018 lineup where just everybody was a superstar. So everybody was like a galactic player	是来自于Faze 2018年的阵容 每名选手都是超级巨星 每个人都是宇宙级别的选手
But that name just carried through and now we still call you guys that and Faze is just so popular in China	然后那个名字就一直沿用下来 我们现在仍然叫Faze银河战舰 Faze在中国人气简直太高了
And so is everybody, and you, and it’s just so crazy man. And hopefully when covid dies down and there will be matches in China, you guys can come here. That would be really cool	每名选手都是 还有你 简直太疯狂了 希望疫情结束后中国能有线下赛 然后你们能过来 这样就太好了
That's really awesome to hear. There’s supposed to be an event in China, Funspark, -yeah IEM Winter, Funspark too. IEM Winter is a year from now. Hopefully everything's gonna get taken care of	能听到这个很高兴 Funspark应该会在中国 -对 IEM Winter 还有Funspark IEM Winter 还有一年的时间 希望到时候一切都会解决
Yeah I just wish there's like more freedom to Esports players. We could just like travel wherever and be let in despite the restrictions	是的 我希望电竞选手能有更多的出行自由 还能去各地比赛
Have you played against any of the TYLOO players right now	你和天禄现在的队员们交手过吗
We played against two teams in practice. We scrimmed twice against TYLOO, I think before Blast	我们和两支队伍打过训练赛 Blast之前和天禄打过两次训练赛
And then we also played against Lynn Vision, when they were first here for Blast Showdown. Both teams have players that can shoot really hard, 	还有LVG 他们来打Blast Showdown的时候 两个队都有枪法非常硬的队员
and you have the bomb on the awper, and then you have the lurker, say like, three players are like attacking A, then you have one player at b trying to go find the one player holding the sit	狙击手带包 然后你有自由人 比如说3个人打A 然后b有一个人试着打掉那个独自守包点的人
and if he gets that kill, then you just go back to the site where you got the kill. That's like the current meta right now and feel like it's hard for the Asian teams and the NA teams come over and have to play against it	如果打掉了 你们就回去那个包点 目前的常规打法就是这样 我觉得亚洲和北美队伍过来打会比较困难
Hopefully they can stay in Europe. They can bootcamp in Europe and then get better	希望他们能留在欧洲 在欧洲训练营然后提高
I think they're still here, right? -I think so. -I don't think they left. That's good	他们现在还在欧洲对吧 -我觉得是的 -他们应该还没走 那很好
It's good. They finished the matches, but they can always play more scrims	很好 他们比赛都打完了 但是训练赛可以一直打下去
Yeah, exactly. As long as there's an event going on, there's always gonna be scrims to find	是的 没错 只要有赛事的话 就能找到训练赛
I know you're very busy guy. I know that even though right now you're on a break. Our very last segment, just let me read some messages that some of your diehard fans want to send to you. Is that okay? -oka	我知道你非常忙 虽然现在在休假 我们最后的环节 我给你读一些你铁粉想对你说的话 可以吗 -可以
So Mr. Director, I’ve been a fan of you for 2 or 3 years. I'm already working, but whenever you play a match I would stay up and watch it	总监 我粉你两三年了 我已经工作了 但是只要你有比赛我就会熬夜看比赛
And there's a lot of hardship in life, but when I watch you, it’s not that hard anymore. So hopefully you can just keep fragging and we're always gonna support you	现在生活很难 但我只要看你比赛 一切就没有那么难了 所以希望你能接着大杀四方 我们会一直支持你
That's really wholesome, that message, staying up to watch the games	这太暖心了 这条信息 熬夜看比赛
So Mr. Director, please make sure that you get a lot of rest every day, just make sure that you take care of your body, your health, because health is the number 1 thing	总监 每天一定要好好休息 照顾好自己的身体 健康是第一位的
Nice. I support that one a lot. That's a good message	我十分同意 这很好
So Mr. Director, although NAVI is number one right now, we still support you guys fully, everybody on your team. And do you think that a major championship is on the cards	总监 虽然NAVI现在是第一 但我们还是完全支持你们 你们的每一个人 你觉得能拿Major冠军吗
For next year? I definitely think that Faze will be able to win events. And the goal is, at least a personal goal is to win an event in the first 4 months of next year	明年吗 我觉得Faze一定能去赢赛事 目标是 起码我个人的目标 是明年前4个月赢下一个赛事
And then, yeah, either if that's a Major, or if it's some small events, it still counts as a win in my heart. And I think a Major win is on the cards. Sure	不管是Major还是小一点的赛事 对于我来说都是胜利 我觉得Major冠军一定在计划内
This one's really heavy. So Mr. Director, you are my favorite player. And I used to be someone like you who didn't have a lot of confidence	这条挺沉重的 总监 你是我最喜欢的选手 我之前也像你一样
I tried to find meaning of life in video games. After I found you, I felt like you were someone that I just knew across the ocean. We have so many similarities	我试着在游戏中找到生活的意义 在我找到你之后 我感觉虽然你在大洋彼岸 但是我认识你很久了 我们有很多的共同点
I like how you're so shy, but you like to laugh a lot. But I’m so glad to see that you're able to find a team that you can call home. And I’m always gonna support you. Wow	我喜欢你很腼腆但又很喜欢笑 我特别高兴你能找到一个像家一样的队伍 我会一直支持你的 哇
That's a really deep message	这条很沉重
Because you’ve come such a long way, I know that there's a documentary on you on Youtube. I know that you've come such a long way	因为你经历了太多太多 我知道油管上有一个关于你的纪录片
5 years ago, I would never predict that I'm playing for Faze Clan in an international team, living in Europe. I could have never predicted that 	5年前我不可能想得到我会为国际纵队Faze效力 在欧洲生活 我不可能预料得到
I couldn't predict the 2019 Liquid era, but looking back you kno	现在回头看看 我也没法预料2019年Liquid王朝
But you were able to find so much personal growth along the way like you were able to mature so much as a person	你在这过程中获得了大量个人成长 也成熟了很多
Yeah, I think that comes from the work though, I guess. Because when you're traveling, you're constantly in different cultures, and you have to find a certain level of independence where you can function	是的 我觉得这是因为我的工作性质 当你一直出行在不同文化中 你需要找到一种独立才能
You create a routine for yourself that works. But I feel like my maturing was helped by my ex-teammates and by my current teammates	为自己建立一套有效的日常计划 我觉得我之前和现在的队友们都帮助了我的成长
And I feel like I'm always trying to work every day to grow into a better person than I was yesterday	我觉得我每天都在努力成为比昨天更好的人
Russ, I said this to f0rest when I interviewed him a few months ago, and I think what I said to him more than applies to you	Russ 我前几个月采访f0rest的时候对他说过一些话 我觉得这些话也完全适用你
I think players like you don't even know how many people you've touched, how many people you've inspired around the world	你可能都不知道你在全世界究竟鼓舞了 激励了多少人
I'm sure that there's many Brazilian kids, Indian players that you've inspired, but there's so many of these Chinese fans of mine and of yours	你肯定也激励了很多比如巴西的孩子们 印度的选手们 但你有这么多的中国粉丝
I see them every day and they come up to me. They say to me Twistzz is such an inspiration, we love Twistzz	我每天能看到他们 他们跟我说Twistzz激励了他们 很喜欢Twistzz
But yeah. I just hope that you can know that in your heart that you've inspired millions of people to get better at the game, to improve as a person to find confidence, all these things	我就是希望你心里能知道 你激励了成千上万的人 去提高游戏水平 去做一个更好的人 去找到自信心 等等等等
That's a very needed reminder, because the players are so focused on keeping their team up, keeping themselves up and working. They forget. There's a whole another level going on behind the scenes	我很需要这样的提醒 选手们太专注于努力保持队伍的竞技水平 自身的竞技水平 他们会忘了在幕后还有更深的意义
and in the world where they're inspiring people. And it's nice for you to remind me that's going on	他们激励了这世界很多人 你能提醒我这件事就很好
I read messages on my Instagram, message requests, and I guess I see a couple, but I don't really think about how much there really is, how it builds up over time, I lose track of how many	我在Ins上会看留言 我能看到一些 但我并没有想过到底积累了多少人 
And yeah, it's like I said, it's humbling	是的 就像我说的 我受宠若惊
Players like you, you grew up in adversity, there's a lot of hardship, but then you were able to find yourself. And I just think there's so much to be inspired about that. -thank yo	像你这样的选手 你在逆境和困难中成长 然后你找到了自己 我觉得这太激励人了 -谢谢你
We're just so glad that you are what you are right now	我们非常欣慰你成为了现在的样子
Thank you. I'm happy to be here. I'm happy to be getting interviewed by you man	谢谢你 我很高兴能在这里 很高兴你能采访我兄弟
So one last message, Mr. Director, I used to watch every single match that you play, but now school is very hard, so I only watch your highlights,	最后一条留言 总监 我之前会看你的每一场比赛 但现在课业很重 所以我只能看你的集锦了
but I really really like you and I feel so bad when you lose. And I just hope that you can be happy forever	但我非常非常喜欢你 你输的时候我好难过 我希望你能一直开心下去
That's a really kind message. It's already crazy to hear that people are trying to never miss a match. They're always trying to keep up	很善良的一条留言 我总是觉得很难以置信 粉丝们能一场不落地看比赛
For sure like it goes for most pro players too, but it's a very wholesome feeling to know that the fans are always trying to be there every step of the way to support. And every player needs that -Awesome	我相信大多数职业选手都这么想 是个很暖心的感觉 粉丝们无时无刻的支持 每个选手都需要这个 -太棒了
Yeah there’s a lot going on. -So much love man, so much love man. -It's, very special dude. Thank you guys	哇 太多了 -有很多的爱 很多的爱 -真太特别了 谢谢你们
Just know that there's hundreds of thousands, millions of people here rooting for you, watching your matches, keeping up with you	希望你知道在这里有成千上万的人支持你 看你的比赛 追随你
Can you make a heart for your fans? -make a heart? Try to make a better one here	你能给粉丝们比个心吗 -比个心吗 我试着比个更好的
Thank you, guys -That's so cool	谢谢你们 -太酷了
Thank you guys. I'm Zong Jian. -Thank you so much, man. -No worries. Thank you. -All right man. See you. -Bye. Thank you for the interview. -take it easy man	谢谢你们 我是总监 -非常感谢你 -没问题 也谢谢你 -好的 再见 -再见 谢谢你的采访
Hello - Hey, Finn, how are you? -Good. Can you hear me	你好 -hey 表哥，怎样啊 -不错啊，能听见吗
How's the the sound quality and video quality and everything? -It's good for m	音质啊，画质啊之类的怎么样啊 -我看着行
-Am I laggy at all or? -No, not at all -All right. All right. Really nice to see you, man. Hold on one second. Let me show you, you see this	我这有延迟吗？ -没，一点也没 -那行，好的，见到你很高兴。等下哈，给你看个东西，看到了吗？
So it's live for what? Oh, yeah. Yeah. -Oh insane, a lot of fans. -I think Faze is just hands down one of the most popular organizations around the world, and especially in Chin	嚯，这是直播吗？-当然 -太夸张了，这么多粉丝吗 -我得说faze就是世界上最受欢迎的战队之一了，尤其是在中国
I actually just interviewed Russell a few days ago. -oh! -And now I’m interviewing you so it's been a good couple of days for us Faze fans. -Good for yo	我前几天还在采访总监来着 -哦真的吗 -现在轮到你了，这几天对faze粉来说简直过年了 -那你很棒哦
Our first question, I don't want you to answer right away, I want you to keep it in the back of your head. And I'm going to ask you again at the end of this -Alrigh	我们的第一个问题，你不用立刻回答，我想让你在脑子里酝酿酝酿，采访的最后我会再问你一次 -好嘞
So why Counter Strike? What makes Counter Strike so special? Alright, -that’s a good question -so our first official question, so how do you make sure that teammates from different cultures get along and that your team chemistry is so good	所以 你为什么选择CS CS为什么如此特别？ -好问题 -那么我们的第一个正式问题来了哈，你是怎么确保来自不同文化背景的队员相处融洽，能够让队伍内的化学反应如此微妙的
The thing in the international team, it's really important to take people who they are from where they're from in the world, understand what culture they're at, their work ethic, there's a lot of different things	国际纵队的团队建设，重点就在于要保留队员在各自的独特属性，了解他们所处的文化风气，工作态度，这其中的差异可多了
But I think the most important thing is to create a team environment, common goal, because I've realized during my career that once you have a common goal, everything else doesn't matter, right	但我觉得最重要的还是要去建立一个有共同目标的队伍环境，因为在我多年的职业生涯中我意识到，一旦你有了一个共同奋斗的目标，其他的事那还叫事吗，你说是不
If the person wants to become the best, he has his own work ethic. And I'm not gonna tell someone from another culture where maybe they're a little more lazy. But in the end, if they want to become the best, they have to figure out their own way to become the best right	如果有人想成为top，他要有自己的工作态度。而我就不会对一个不了解相关文化的人说，你这好像有点开摆啊。但是最终，要是他们想成为top，这条道还是得他们自己一步一步去摸索，是不是
For me, it's most important as a leader, as a team leader, to create an environment where everyone can be themselves. But we all work on the same page, right, we need to be on the same page	对我来说，我背负着领导位的职责，要为大家建立一个大家都能去做自己的环境。要保证大家是一条心，我们要步调一致一起努力。
So it's like the most word I've used in my whole career, being on the same page. If it's inside, around, outside the game, before game after game, my main thing is, we have to acknowledge everybody’s from different parts of the world,	这可能是我职业生涯中说的最多的话了，步调一致。无论在内还是在外，游戏里还是训练中，我的基准点就是，我们要接受大家来自世界各地，
different views on how you want to play the game, how you ask the player, but it's my main goal to try to connect those pieces. So creating an environment around that where everybody's free to be themselves can speak off their heart	有对游戏的各种各样的理解，对队员多种多样的要求，但我的主要职责就是去拼凑这些零零散散的部件。所以有一个大家可以敞开心扉互诉衷肠的环境就显得尤为重要。
And some people are better to speak in groups, but some people need to take one on one talks with, to take them aside and talk with them. So yeah, I think it's normal human thing, right	有些人天生就大大方方不怯场，有些人就需要点私密空间，得带到一边单聊。这就是个很正常的个体差异。
When you have a big conversation in normal work, you have to take in consideration people come in different parts of the world, but they also bring different part to your game to your organization	当你进行一个正常的工作交流时，你要考虑大家都是从不同地方来的，大家都把各自的游戏风格带到了战队里
So all in all, it is something you sacrifice, but you also kind of stay on the same page. That's it. That's the most common word me and RobbaN uses	所以总而言之，你要牺牲一点，但还是要切记保持一条心。就是这样，我和robban经常把这个词挂在嘴边。
Well, I think you've done a fantastic job creating that positive environment and we can all see, you know, we're all very up to date with your vlogs	平心而论，我觉得你在创造积极环境方面颇有建树，这我们都能看得出来，你知道吗，你的新vlog我们都会看。
Yeah you know, we all started playing CSGO to have fun right? Sometimes you forget that in a high pressure environment at tournaments. So you see that on camera sometimes when I have the camera it's not somewhere else is actually the fun we have in the team	那当然，我们玩cs都是为了乐趣是吧。遗憾的是有时在高压下你就逐渐忘了，你们有时也在镜头里也能看见，我们队内的快乐很纯粹。
And that's internal jokes, which is hard to show sometimes but I'm trying to do my best to kind of show the environment we have outside the game but also inside the game when I release the voice comms righ	讲的都是些都是内部笑话，这些有时候就不太好对外展示，但我还是尽我所能，通过队内语音啊这些视频，展现游戏内外的队内氛围，
amazing, amazing and again, any of these questions if you feel uncomfortable, or if you don't have a good answer, we'll just skip because we have a bunch of these questions lined up. -haha sur	神奇啊，对了，如果有任何问题你觉得不便回答，或者你没有一个太好的答案，我们就跳过，因为我们的问题那可多了去了。--哈哈，好好
So do you think Faze will be your last stop as a professional player and when you retire, would you consider being a coach	那么你觉得faze会是你职业生涯的最后一站吗，还有当你退役后，你会考虑做一名教练吗？
That's a good question right when I joined Faze I actually thought that would be my last org but you know things go down as it is. Obviously I love FaZe Clan, I love how they work that I love their view of how they are,	这是个好问题，其实当我加入faze时我就曾经想过这会是我最后一个战队，但是你知道，这种事只能顺其自然。很明显我对faze clan是真爱，我欣赏他们的工作，也欣赏他们对自己的评价与剖析
what kind of position they are in the eSports community the fans they have are crazy right? As you see a lot of Chinese fans as well, even though I don't feel that since we don't have many tournaments there	他们在电竞领域是出于一个什么咖位呢，他们的粉丝数那可是无法估量啊？你也看见了，这里就有好多好多中国粉丝，即使我们这里没啥大赛平时感觉不出来。
But I think for me, I will never say never. I wish this is my home you know, that's why I came back to FaZe Clan not because of exactly the players because we have good players with mousesports but FaZe Clan feels like a home for m	但对我来说吧，我不能把话说死了，我希望faze是我的家。这就是为什么我会回到faze clan，不是因为有那些天价选手，我在mouzsport时候也有好的选手，但是只有faze clan给了我家的感觉。
and I appreciate what they've done all my career and the trust they put in me. So unless something goes down again, then obviously I will not end my career in Faze. But as I see, like the perspective I have on my future is like everything's in my own hand	我很感激他们在我职业生涯中所做的一切，也很感激他们对我付出的信任。所以除非又出什么事件，那我就没法在faze退役了。但依我看，我对未来的展望基本都在我的控制范围内。
and I feel that's also the terms I have in Faze. Once I don't want to play they will accept that. But whatever I'm gonna do, I have no idea after. One of the only things, consideration I did was I’ll try out to be a coach, because I have a feelin	这也是Faze接受的条件，一旦我没有了继续的打算他们也会接受的。但是至于我会选择哪条路，其实我没个准。我可以试试当教练，因为我的感觉是
I've played competitive for 20 years now, hanging up my mouse and being a coach that's completely different step and perspective. And I think once I want to try out that I need to have a really clear mindset about I cannot play anymore. You know	我已经打了20年职业了，放下我的鼠标做个教练是个全新的角度。所以一旦我想试试一条道，我就必须得有一个很清楚的定位，那就是我已经不能打职业了，你懂吗
If I feel I can still be in the best teams to be one of the best in game leaders, I cannot stop myself from not playing right. So yeah, what the future holds, I don't know, I just know that I feel I get better every day	如果我觉得我还能够在一线队伍里做一个一线指挥，那我就不能阻止我自己发光发热。所以呢，未来会发生什么，我不知道，我只知道我每一天都在进步。
And I also feel my individual level at end of this year has been better than it was in the beginning of year. So working hard, and I never know when I'm done	For me, when I wake up, if I'm motivated to become the best team in the world. Doesn't matter how old I am, to be honest	而且我还觉得到了年末时我的个人实力水平比起我年初时要好。所以我只管努力，从不告诉自己哪里是尽头。	对我来说，每当我醒来，只要我还有那股要成为最好的队伍的志气在，那么年龄就不是个问题。
Yeah, you'll know when you know, -exactly like the most important thing I learned from Kobe was he wants to step away on his own terms from the game. And that's the same for me, I want to step away from the game on my own terms,	是啊，时候到的时候你会知道的  - 就是这样，比如我从Kobe身上学到的最重要的就是他想要以自己的方式离开赛场。对我来说也是一样的，我要用我自己的方式离开赛场。
if that means something is in front of me making it hard not to continue, I do everything I can to make sure I step down when I want to step down	如果这意味着在我面前有困难让我几乎不能前进了，我会竭尽全力保证只有当我想退出时才会退出。
And not when somebody in the community tells me I'm done, because that's the best part. When they tell me I'm done. I will get more fired up	而不是网上某个人跟我说我不行了，因为这就是我最喜欢的点，当别人说我不行了，我反而更加斗志昂扬。
Can you give us a quick overview of Faze’s daily training routine	能给我们说说大致的faze的训练日常吗
we meet 1130. We have one and a half hours, where we go through mistakes on practice today before we go through new setups, what we need to improve on what we need to focus on during the practice, right	我们会在11：30碰头。花上个一个半小时，在研究新套路前回顾总结我们训练的失误，要提高的点，要着重训练的点
So sometimes we will have three(?) maps of practice on Nuke, so our main focus will be Nuke in that one a half hours and what mistakes have we done on nuke and what can we improve on	所以有时我们会选几个地图专项训练 比如在nuke上，那我们就花一个半小时只集中在nuke这张地图上，看看我们犯了那些错误，有那些地方可以提升
So yeah, one and a half hours on recrafting(?reflecting) mistakes and talking about that. And then we have to practice like two scrims one hour break and then three scrims and then we're done	所以，一个半小时来回顾讨论错误。然后打两场约战，休息一个小时，再来三场约战，然后就结束了
So looking at that, like what was that like seven half hours practice every day, or six and a half, seven hours, right. That also leaves time for people to play individually	那么这样看下来，每天至少要一起练个7半小时左右，或者6个半小时，7个小时的也有。这样也给大家留下时间做个人提升。
Also to have a private life because when we are tournament, there is no private life it's full force on a tournament s	当然还得有点私生活，因为一旦开赛了，那就毫无个人空间可言了，那就是全身心的只为比赛了。
but sometimes we change it up sometimes we have two hours to three hours for recrafting, if we are starting a new season. Like for example in general we will start a new season we have to improve a lot, make a little new stuff. So we have a lot of more time there than then practice in itself	当然有时候也会调剂一下，有时会花2到3小时来反思，尤其是新赛季开始的时候。就比如一般来说开新赛季了，我们要提高很多，整点新花样。所以我们在这理论方面花的时间会比实战要多。
So when there are star players on the other side, we're talking s1mple Zywoo or dev1ce, or XANTARES if you’re playing FPL or whatever. Do you adjust your own playstyle	那么当对面有还能多明星选手时，比如simple，zywoo，device或者打FPL碰到xantares，你会调整你的打法风格嘛？
I think it's hard to say right? I think when you're one of the greatest players in the world like s1mple and zywoo it's very hard to get a tell on you. The reason why you're one of the best players in the world is because you're one step ahead	我觉得这个不好说，我觉得当你是像simple和zywoo那样的世界级明星选手，你的打法就非常不容易被看透。因为你之所以能成为最强的选手就是因为你总是先人一步。
So for me I have fought many times I remember like four years ago when I played s1mple I tried to anti-strat him and once we came to the game he didn't do anything what I prepared fo	对我来说，我对抗过很多次明星选手，我记得4年前，当我对阵simple时我尝试去反制他的战术，然后当我们进入游戏后才发现他的打法没有一个是我们准备过的。
so for me it's really important that I actually don't prepare hard against the star(?) of the team and I see where the weakness is, but you cannot shut down s1mple. If you're going to put him in position he's still gonna kill three guys sometimes you cannot stop that	对我来说，不要因为对面的所谓明星选手而限制自己的可能性是很重要的，要善于发现对方的弱点。你无法完全限制s1mple，有时不管你做什么，他都打掉三个，你根本拦不住
That's how good he is so you just have to have that in mind that you want to figure out where he is because many watch the demos when s1mple takes a shot somewhere he moves really fast right	他就是这么厉害，所以你心里要明白，搞清楚他在那里，因为大家看过demo的都知道simple打完一枪后他会很快的换位置
So he knows that when you see s1mple you react on another side it's like a FPL against a good player or Faceit you against good player like go away from the guy who has 30 frags	所以他自己心知肚明，当你遇到了s1mple，你就会去打另外一边，就像是fpl和faceit上遇见对面有大爹一样，躲开那个已经杀了30个的人
You can't do that in pro CS because then you already lost the game. So for me like okay is there some peeks he likes to do? What can we do about it? What we really need to be aware of the tendencies with the players righ	但你打职业不能这么搞，不然就已经输了。像我的话，看看他喜欢peek什么点位，我们能如何应对，要注意他们有那些打法倾向
if you hit a bomb site two or three times I know s1mple wanna go there. He’s not going to keep playing retake on B Inferno so he wants to go b right	你要是打了同一个包点2 3次了，我就知道simple会想去那边。他就不会想把把打inferno的b区回防，而是选择直接去B。
So when it comes down to that you adapt on when is the right time you think s1mple is gonna switch it up	所以这种时候你就会顺应局势，把握解读simple什么时候会选择换地方
But it’s very hard to anti-strat a player you just have to anti-strat the team you have to find their weakness and not go to their strengths all the time	但其实要战术反制一个选手是很难的，你要做的是战术上克制对面整个队伍，去揭开暴露他们的弱点，而不是一直硬碰硬
So we got a bit of a fun question here, so how did you develop such a strong mental game and when was the last time you actually tilted	这是一个有趣的问题，你是如何锻炼出如此强大的心态的，你上次破防是在什么时候
And I realized that once I came to mouz, I had to be the figure. I had to be the real leader. I had to be really strong because if I went down with so young, inexperienced team, we will never get up	我刚到mouz时我也意识到了这一点，我必须以身作则。我要成为真正扛得住的领导者。我必须在心态上强健起来，因为如果我在那么年轻，经验较浅的队伍里心态失衡，那么我们永无出头之日。
And I think RobbaN told me that he has seen me over the years and in Faze I had to develop a really strong mental game. Plus, he could sometimes see on my body language, the way I acted that if it didn't go my view of the game, how I wanted to go, I could be frustrated, right	robban也对我说过，他看我在faze这么些年，也觉得我必须得锻炼出一个强大的心态。更何况，有些时候我的肢体语言就暴露了一切，要是局势不顺或者没按我要求打出来 我就会心态炸裂。
So I just think there was a specific situation in mouz where I was full tilt, and in EPL. We were playing Astralis in this run we had where we won EPL against Astralis and Fnatic	所以我回想了一下，在mouz时有一次我心态完全崩了，在打EPL时，我们对阵Astralis，当时我们势头正猛，在EPL赢了Astralis和Fnati
And I think at that moment, I realized how important I was to these young guys that I was there in the game, I was doing everything I could in my power and not frustrated	当时我就我意识到我对这些年轻人的重要性，我要在游戏内稳住，尽我所能不被情绪击垮。
And we ended up winning because we stayed strong mentally. So I developed that, also having a lovely fiancee, who is studying to become a sports psychologist gives me a lot of ideas how to handle stuf	然后我们最终赢下比赛，因为我们稳住了心态。所以我就悟到了，还有个非常好的未婚妻，她在努力学习成为体育心理专家，她给了我很多建议如何去控制情绪。
but also find inspiration in Kobe and other big idols in my life. Right. So I think all in all, I have focused a lot on staying mentally ahead, because I think that could be one of my weaknesses, and I knew that I can improve o	当然也从kobe啊还有我的其他偶像中汲取灵感。所以总的来说，我在保持积极心态上花了不少功夫，因为我觉得这曾经是我的弱项之一，我也十分清楚我能在此提高
like there's always stuff you want to improve on. When you lose a game because you're mentally out of the game, then next day, I go to study why I was mentally out of the game? And how can I prevent that from happening	其实总会有你能提高的地方，当你因为因为心态问题输掉比赛，第二天，我就去反思为什么会心态崩盘，以及我怎么才能避免再次发生。
So with experience, I think everything comes together. And that's why I feel really mentally strong at this point,	那么有了相关经验之后，我认为一切就豁然开朗了，也是为什么我感觉我现在心态非常强大
and we have a follow up question to that. So which current pro player is the most likely to tilt	我们还有个相关的后续问题，那么目前那位职业哥最容易破防
I think it's very hard to say. Because there's different tilts, right? There is a player who would tilt on his teammates. And then there's players who will smash the table, but they're mad about themselves	我觉得整个不太好说，就是破防分为很多种，是吧。有人喜欢对队友发火，有人喜欢砸桌子但其实是对自己不满意
So that's why I never understood why people said niko was toxic because niko always tilted on itself. If he failed a shot, or if he did something, he would smash the table	所以我一直不明白为什么会有人说niko是压力怪，因为niko只是对自己发火，如果空枪或者什么，他就砸桌子
For me, when you look at tennis, you know, if people smash the racket, it’s directed to themselves, like frustrated about that, reset, right	对我来说，就好比你看网球，你知道吗，如果有人砸网球牌子，是因为在对自己发火 重置一下情绪就好 对不对
And for me, I haven't played, and I have no idea who can be the most tilt because the most tilt is like when you're toxic to his teammates, right? And saying after you're dead, like, what are you doing	至于我，我也没接触过，也不知道谁的心态是最差的。因为最差情况就是那种压力队友的，死了之后问队友都在干嘛
Stuff like that can never happen in my teams. And if that happens, somebody’s ou	这种事在我的队伍绝不能发生，如果发生，直接离队处理
So we want to ask you about Olof, obviously one of the most legendary figures of CSGO, do you have any idea what his plan is, will he give one more year to competitive CSGO	那么我们还想问问olof，毫无疑问csgo最传奇的选手之一，你知道他接下来的计划吗，他还会继续打一年职业吗
It's very hard to say because Olof is a guy who likes to play. He loves CS right. And that's also why when I asked him to come back, he was more than willing to come back to play with me, to be in a good environment	这个比较难说，因为olof这人本身就喜欢这游戏，他热爱cs，这也是为什么当我邀请他回归时，他没说二话就回来了，融入一个好的环境
And also I think the role he has in us is not his full potential, but it's a role he fulfills really good. His role he grew into, right	而且我也觉得他在队内的位置也没让他完全发挥实力，但这个位置被他诠释的很完美，他逐渐适应了这个位置
We haven't seen Olof in a more, heavier fragging role. Since he joined Faze, he’s always been the glue, kind of a support element filling in the gaps for the team	我们现在看olof也不是个倾向击杀的角色，自从他加入faze，他一直都是团队的粘合剂，作为辅助，填补队伍的间隙
So how long he wants to play, it's very hard to say I think he still has a lot of motivation. But the motivation comes from playing in a team where the environment is good	至于他要打多久，这个就很难说，因为我看他还是动力十足。但是这份动力来自一个能提供良好环境的队伍。
Because he doesn't play for the money and he just enjoys competing right? And I don't know how much more he wants to do. I can only speak for myself from what I see and I see a motivated Olof	因为他现在也不是为了钱，他就是过来享受竞技的，是不？我也不知道他还想继续多久，我只能从我自己的角度说一说，我看到的是一个冲劲满满的olof。
He is always a guy who improves the team right? So yeah, I think you have to ask him because he knows the answer. I’ll never say he's retiring when he's not said himself	他不是一直都是为了团队而提高的人嘛。所以，我觉得这个问题你还得去问他本人，只有他知道答案。他要是自己不说，我不会说他到底是否想退役
So he had to make some sacrifices when he came back to Faze this time around to play in a role that he's not necessarily the most comfortable with	所以他这次回来faze要做一些牺牲，来适应一个他本来并不适合他的位置
coming into Faze he had always the mindset okay, I'm not going to be the star player. I'm going to be key element, if that supporting, to anchor, whatever you know	来到faze，他的想法一直都是，我现在不是明星选手，我是一个重要的角色，无论是在辅助，或是单人镇守包点。
So he is like one of the best all around players he can play awp he can make good calls like he can do everything. And I think he realized if he wants to stay on top in the scene, he needs to transform into that role, right	所以他是最好的全能性选手，能拿狙，能指挥报点，啥都能做。所以我认为他意识到了如果他要一直呆在最前线，他就需要转型到那种角色，你说呢
And there's some point in his career where he realized, okay, if I'm the star player, am I gonna be better than Niko? And he knew that already that Niko was gonna be a better star player	在他的职业生涯中他也不时意识到，如果我是明星选手，我会强过niko吗，他也早就知道niko会是一个更好的明星选手
So he made the sacrifice all the years ago, you know. So the role he comes into now is familiar with him, how I call how I want to use him. So I don't think that changed	所以很多年前他就做了这些牺牲，所以他现在的这个角色其实他是熟悉的，我怎么指挥，怎么运用他，所以我不认为这有很大变化。
where I often takes all the roles people don't want on the CT side	一般都是我在ct上承担那些别人都不想承担的角色
And this is probably the the best question to ask you. So what is it like playing CSGO on a stage with thousands of people cheering	这估计是最适合问你的问题，在千万人欢呼的舞台上打CSGO是什么体验
I mean, that's what I live for, you know, I have been from day one with Counter-Strike where there was nothing, when you had to go to local LANs to win 50 Euros on prize money and the train ticket costs more than 50 Euros to even get to the tournament	我想说我活着就为了这个？当初CS刚出，一切都还没有的的时候我就已经在打了。你当时去打线下就为了50欧，去比赛的车钱都不止50欧
So from that beginning to where we are now, the only reason why I played so long time is because of the stage, is because when you go on the stage, I'm a different beast. You know, I'm, I'm like in a mental different state, I'm in a competition where everything matters	所以从那个开始到现在CS的样子，我能打这么长时间的原因就是因为有舞台，因为一上舞台，我就好比一只不同的野兽。我从心态上就有些不一样了。我身处于一个每一个细节都要扣的比赛之中
And this win or lose game, it's not behind the curtains, everybody is paying to see you perform, right? So if everything comes together, then obviously, my personality shines on the stage as well	这是要么赢要么输的游戏，都不在幕后，每个人都花了钱来看你表现是吧？如果一切顺利，我的个人魅力也会在舞台上闪耀。
I'm always a little troll or doing some strange stuff, you know. When people come to pay a ticket. They want to see great Counter-Strike. They want to see tight matches but they also want to see personalities, right	我在台上喜欢搞怪 做些奇奇怪怪的事情？当人们买了票，他们希望看到精彩的CS。他们要看焦灼的比赛也想看到选手挥洒个性
They want to see me in a competition for example, right? So I think I just embrace that. And you can love it, you can hate it. It's just me like I'm not pretending to be someone else. And I think that's the most important thing	他们想看比赛状态的我。所以我就完全放开了。你可以喜欢也可以不喜欢，在这个时候我就是我，毫不掩饰，我觉得这才是最重要的事。
Either you love it or hate it. And I'm fine with that. That has been my last part of the career. Either you love the way I call or you hate the way I call right? So I don't really care about the haters. I just love to be myself on the stage	爱我或者恨我的风格，对我来说无所谓。我在我职业生涯末期就是这样。你要么爱我的指挥风格要么恨，所以我不在意那些黑子，我就只是想在舞台上享受自我。
And I think that's why I love it so much. That is different than sitting here now talking right? This could be live before match and it will be differen	我觉得这就是我为什么喜欢线下舞台的原因，这和咱们在这直播采访的感觉完全不同，这可能是比赛之前的生活但和比赛就是不一样的。
You are aware that Chinese fans like to give out nicknames. And that everybody on Faze, everybody on every team almost has a nickname. And so do you. Do you have any idea what your nickname is? 你可能知道中国粉丝都喜欢给选手起外号，不管是FAZE的每一个选手还是其他队伍的每一个选手几乎都有外号，你也是，你知道你的中文外号是什么吗？
No, no idea. -Okay, I'm gonna try my best to explain this to you. So your nickname is the big cousin	不知道。没事，我会努力和你解释一下，你的外号叫大表哥。
Yeah, from JW right? I think I heard about this	因为JW是吧，我好像听说过
For the record. I don't think this at all, but some people think that you look like JW. I think you look a lot better. I think you’re a lot more charismatic. -I’ve heard that before hah	我声明一下，我个人完全不这么觉得，但有些人会说你长得像JW，我觉得你比他帅多了，你更有魅力。-我之前听人说过哈哈
Okay. Now I know. I think I’ve heard about it before can’t remember whe	好的 我现在知道了，我之前听过但是不记得啥时候了
Would you wanna know how to say it? It’s Da Biao G	你想知道怎么说吗，大表哥
That’s actually really goo	哇发音很不错
Can you give us like a hey guys I’m Da Biao Ge	你可以和观众们说一句“大家好我是大表哥”吗
Yeah, that's pretty good. 大家说Thank you Karriga	发音真的很棒
Russell's nickname is actually Director. -Director. -Yeah. Like he owns everything. And he gives haircuts, like a hairstyle director – ah make sens	Twistzz的昵称其实是总监。-总监？-是的，就像是他能掌控一切。他给别人剪头，发行总监。-明白了
This is just, this is just nonstop. I hope you know how popular you are. And just how many fans you and Faze have all these years, back in 2018 and also now, it just carried over	这真的一直不带停的。我希望你知道的人气有多高，从2018年开始，你和Faze的粉丝，一直积攒到现在
And I hope we come to tournament in Asia soon so we can meet all those fans. -that would be amazing - I think I felt a lot of personal fans as well. It was it Shanghai, CSGO Asia was it, with mouz? -Yea	我希望我们可以来亚洲参加比赛，这样我们就能见到所有的粉丝。-那就太棒了。-我能感觉到很多个人粉丝。之前在上海的CSGO亚洲赛是吧 我在mouz时  -是的
Obviously not in Faze, but I could feel some of the personal fans as well, saying hello to me. So that's pretty cool	当时不是在Faze，但我能感觉到有很多个人粉丝来跟我打招呼。还挺酷的
So this is actually a very interesting question. So a lot of my fans come to me, they try to learn English. They come to me for advices on applying for schools and stuff. And this is a good question to ask you I think	这其实是个很有意思的问题。我有很多粉丝来找我学英语，咨询关于申请学校的事情。我觉得这个问题很适合问你
So how did you balance receiving higher education with gaming? And what are some things that you learn from university that maybe you applied to CS	你是如何平衡游戏和学业的？你在大学里有学到什么适用于CS的知识吗
Oh, yeah. I mean, it was always back on my head that I had a dream about competing counter strike on a high level, I did it doing my bachelor, playing in fnatic, I think, mousesports	有的。我那个时候一直怀揣着一个CS职业的梦。我当时的确是一边完成本科学业一边在fnc还有mouz打职业
So that was 1.6. There weren’t so many travel days. But once I traveled, I had to study on the flight, make exams while I was in China, for example, for like some CS online tournament, 	那是在1.6的时候了。那时还不用为了比赛四处奔波。但一到线下比赛，我就得在飞机上学习。比如在中国的时候参加某个线上CS比赛，我还得考试
With fnatic there was some CS online tournament where I had to go back between the matches in Denmark to make an exam and then fly back to China	在FNC的时候当时有个什么CS的线上比赛 我就不得不在回丹麦考试，然后再飞回中国比赛 来回跑
So I think it's all about self-structure, self-discipline. I knew that I'm not gonna get the best grades, I'm never gonna be the best in school if I want to achieve the dream, right	所以我觉得很重要的就是对自己的管理 自律。我知道我的分数不会很高，如果我想达成CS的梦想我不可能是学校里成绩最好的那个
So one of the things on my mind was okay, four months, in the beginning of the year, I have full focus on CS, I study less, but once the exam comes, I go full 100% in onto the exams and try to do my best	所以我脑子里有一件事就是，在年初的四个月，我会完全专注于CS，少学习，但一旦考试来临，我就会百分之百的准备考试并且尽自己最大努力。
So I just think I was very fast a self-learner, because I wasn't much in university, I had to do everything by the book and reading the books, understanding it all myself instead of a teacher telling me how it works, right	所以我觉得我自学的速度很快，我不是很经常在大学里，我不得不通过看书来获取全部知识，通过自学理解而不是让老师来告诉我怎么回事。
So I think what I learned is like, if I want to do something, like what I've done is very unique. And I think whatever comes next in my life, if I just invest my passion into it, I know I can achieve it	所以我觉得我所学到的东西就像是：如果我想做一些事情，独一无二与众不同的事，无论我的人生下一件事情是什么，如果我把我的热情投入进去我就知道我能做得到
And also, I knew that if I invest my time, in everything I do, it's gonna work out at some point, as long as I have the passion and the feeling for it, righ	并且，我知道只要我投入时间，不管做什么，在某一个时间点就能成功，只要我投入我的热情和用心
but once we came to Astralis, that's where I had to write my master degree. That was tough. Not gonna lie. The master's degrees, like a six month period, we have to write a big paper about something in my life, right	但我来到A队的时候，那时我正在攻读我的硕士文凭。那段很艰难，认真的说，好像有六个月的时间吧，我要写一篇很长的论文关于我人生中的一些事。
And that was like back then was like, some cybercrime I wrote about. And then I use something from Counter Strike the DDoS attack and stuff like that, and how that can be used on companies	然后我写的是一个网络犯罪，然后我运用了CS中会发生的DDOS攻击之类的，然后讲述它如何会被运用到公司上。
But yeah, I wrote that paper while we had many tournaments with Astralis, we were the best team in the world. And, you know like at a tournament, if you lose, you have like three days I could study, but we played all the days -you just never los	当然了，我写这个论文的时候我还在A队有好多比赛要打，我们当时是世界上最好的队伍。你也知道的一场赛事如果你输了，你可能会有三天时间多出来学习，但我们每天都要比赛 -你们就没输过
So I didn't have time. Exactly. So it was a tough period. But I think winning and making that just made me realize that, okay, I was one of the lucky ones that I could actually pull this off	是的 所以我没有时间。那段时间非常艰难。但是我觉得赢得比赛取得成功让我意识到，我其实是比较幸运的人了 能完成这件事
And I'm just happy. I went through that and put that behind me now and just fully focused on CS right, because it could have been I never made it to compete at top Counter-Strike. And I had bad grades, you know, like that would…我很开心。我撑过了那个时期 现在不用想了，全神贯注的在CS上，因为很可能事情是我并没有在CS上登顶，然后也拿了个很糟糕的成绩
but I made both, you know, so I was happy about that. And I think, whatever people want to do in life, if they really believe it's good to have a university degree next to a gaming career, try to make it work	但这两件事情我都做好了，所以我很为自己感到高兴。并且我觉得，无论人们想做什么，如果他们真心相信取得大学学位并成为职业玩家是件值得去做的事，那就尝试并且去做到吧
But at some point, you have to sacrifice something, you cannot… like my family life, and my friendships were fully sacrificed for me to achieve my goals. I could not go out every weekend or hang out with friends	但早晚你都会需要做出牺牲，就比如为了达成我的目标，我的家庭生活，我的朋友交际全部都牺牲掉了。我不能每个周末都出去和朋友玩
So in that period of time, for two years, I was really alone in the scenario of gaming. And then if I didn't game I had to study, right? So sacrifice was made. But in the end, I'm happy where I am today	所以那段时间差不多两年吧，我在这个游戏世界中确实挺孤独的。如果没有在打游戏我就得学习。所以我做了不少牺牲，但最后回头看看，我还是为现在的我而感到高兴的。
Amazing answer. Thank you for that. And this is a question that I think is gonna be really important to young players, just not in China, but around the world	很赞的回答，谢谢你。这个问题我觉得无论是对中国的年轻选手来说还是全世界的年轻选手都挺重要的。
So obviously, CSGO is one of the most popular games in the world. And there's so many dedicated players. But not everybody is lucky enough to become a professional player	CSGO很显然是全世界最火的游戏之一。有很多非常努力勤奋的玩家，但并不是每个人都能有幸可以成为职业选手。
So what are some things that young players can learn from competitive CS, even though they don't become a pro player that these things that they can actually apply to their daily lives	所以 即便最后不成为职业选手 年轻玩家能从竞技CS中学到什么可以运用到日常生活中的事？
Even though you don't make it, you're still a competitive player. You're doing everything you can. One of the things I've learned the most is like I have a goal, okay? Like, this is my dream, how do I there	即便你没能成为职业，你仍然是竞技选手。你做了力所能及的一切，我学到最多的一件事情就是我要有一个目标。好比说这是我的目标，但我如何打到呢？
There’re steps. It’s not like I'm going to be there tomorrow, like, I'm still dreaming about some stuff, and I don't know if I'm gonna achieve it tomorrow or I'm gonna achieve it in three years. Nobody knows, right	这需要分步完成，这不是说我明天就能做到了，我现在仍然会有梦想，也许明天就成功了，也许需要三年时间来完成它，没有人知道。
But I had the dream to be one of the best in-game leaders in the world, took the most teams to the top. And I wake up every morning knowing I can never achieve that dream 100% before I stop,	但我仍然有成为全世界最好的指挥的梦想，带领最多的队伍登顶。每一天早上醒来我都知道 在我退役前我无法百分之百实现这个梦想
so my dream was to win a major for five, six years. Once I win that, then suddenly, I have nothing to wake up to. So I put something above me that would only be like… the community to decide how my career was, I would decide how I feel about my career	所以我想要赢下MAJOR的梦想已经有五六年了。一旦我赢得了它，或许一时之间我也失去了早起努力的目标。所以我指定了一个远超于自己的目标 社区会来评判我的职业生涯怎么样 我会来评判我的生涯怎么样
So all these steps, and there’s obviously a major missing for me to reach that step. Right. That's just part of the journey to where I want to be	所以所有的这些步骤，显然我还缺少一个Major。这就是这趟旅程我最想去到的地方
And I think as a young player, you want to be one of the best players in the world, right? Well, you have steps now. You have to get into the competitive scene. And by doing these steps, I think you can bring that on all your lif	所以我觉得作为年轻选手，你想成为全天下最强的选手。那你现在就有步骤了。你必须要进入这个竞技圈，然后通过完成这些步骤，我觉得你可以受益终生。
Once you get a new work, you work somewhere you want to be the boss of this company. Okay how do I get there? Okay, I have to become a really great worker and never being sick stuff like that, you know	一旦你开始做一份新的工作，你想成为这个公司的老板，那应该如何实现呢？你知道的，我就必须要成为一个好的员工并且永远不要请病假之类的。
And I think you can apply that to everything in life, like you have a dream, and you just have to make sure to put them in steps. Plus, if this is your dream, and you don't have anything that push you closer to that dream, I have that feeling of self-reflection	并且我觉得你可以把这个方式应用到生活中的所有事情，好比你有一个梦想你就是得把它分步完成。此外，如果这个确实是你的梦想，而你没有去做任何让你离梦想更近的事情，就不行，我一直在自我反省
Okay, I did the first step, but it took me half a year to get to a good team. Okay, how do I become top 4 in (?) ranking, okay, that might take two years to get there. But it's still a step in the direction you want to go	好的 我完成了第一步，我花了半年时间来到好队伍。那么我要怎么样成为世界前四呢？可能我需要两年的时间走到那里，但你的方向上永远有一个目标指引着你前进。
And I think that applies to everything in life, basically. And I think that's what young players have to be really aware about	我觉得这是基本上可以应用到生活当中的每一件事的，并且这应该是年轻选手应当知道的东西。
And I think I also see that they have like a dream, they know how to achieve it. They have a working schedule, how to work before the practice starts, after practice	我觉得我也确实看到了一些年轻选手有梦想，他们知道怎么实现它。他们有个工作日程，在练习开始之前，练习结束之后要怎么工作。
And I'm even to this day on applying stuff like that. What do I want to improve on? Okay my movement is not good the last three months, okay, next month, I just surf and I jump around the server lot, one hour every day, right	我甚至直到今天都还是这样安排事情的。我有什么可以改进？我的身法过去三个月不是很棒，那下一个月呢我就着重滑翔 在服务器里多跳跳
Okay, that should be improved. How much? We don't know. But it's a step in the right direction. So yeah, work ethic is key to success in all life, I think	这样一来就能有长进了 能长进多少呢 我也不知道。但这就是正确方向上的一小步，所以工作态度是人生中所有事情能成功的关键。
So set a goal, plan it out, just plan all the different steps and you just start taking them every single day. I think that's something that can be used, anything you d	所以设定目标，作出规划，把计划分成不同的步骤然后每天去完成。我觉得这可以适用于任何事情
Yeah, everything in life. Like if you want to become a big brand of interviewer, okay, you start with small officials, then you sit here with me now, you know, okay, what's next? You don't know where you end, but you also have an idea what your dream is? Right	是的，生活中的所有事。就好像你想成为一个大牌的采访者，那你就得从小比赛采访做起，然后现在你就坐在这采访我了。但接下来呢？你也不知道最后会怎么样，但你大概知道你的梦想是什么样的 对不对
And I think that applies to anyone in any business, any life. And the same in university, right? Do you want to be the best in the class? Okay, how to become the best in the class? Or do I want to be average and pursue another dream next to my university right	我认为这同样适用于任何人任何工作任何人生。大学也是同理。你想成为班上成绩最好的那个吗？那怎么样成为最好呢？或者我只想拿一般的成绩 然后一边大上学一边去追求其他梦想？
as long as you believe in yourself is there. It doesn't matter where this is. It’s gonna take you to a good place in lif	只要你依然相信你自己。不管你在哪里 它都会把你带到一个好的处境
So for young players that are very motivated to get better, what are some things that they should focus on improving every day	那些励志磨砺自己的年轻选手，他们每天需要着重提高什么呢
I think it depends on what player you are. Are you an awper, are you an in-game leader? There’re different roles, right	我觉得这取决于你是什么样的选手，你是狙位吗，是指挥位吗，有很多不同的角色吗毕竟
So, again, put down on paper, if you look at demo of a pro player. Okay, how does he move? How does he understand the game	不过话说回来，讲讲实际的，如果你看一个职业哥的demo，你看他如何行动，怎么去解读游戏
And I think the best way I have learned in my situation, my role is like, understanding why a person did a call in a round	对我来说我最好的学习方式，就是去理解为什么一个人在这一局做了这样的指挥
So I will look at a demo and I’ll understand, why did he do that? There must be a communication, I'll try to guess like, what made that movement? Or that suggestion? Why would he make that call	所以我看demo，我就会思考去理解，为什么他会做这个决策？肯定是和队友有交流的，我会试着去猜想，是什么让他去指挥全队转移了 因为什么征兆 他为什么会做这样的布置？
And very analytical about that, but also self-reflective, that has been my key part. I know when I’ve played a bad game. I don't need to watch it. I know what went wrong in the game	不仅要善于分析，也要多多反思，这是我一直依仗的重要细节。我很清楚一局发挥失常的游戏是怎么样的，我不需要多加回看，我清楚的知道是哪里出了问题
And I think that's what young players need to do. Like they have to grind their way to the top. It's a long road, everybody knows that, right? But you have to keep improving, and not just play to play	我觉得年轻的选手也应该这么做。他们必须狠狠磨砺自己才能成为top。这毕竟是一场漫长的征程嘛，但你必须要一直在提高才行，不能为了玩而玩
I think that's the biggest issues between tier4 to tier2. Tier4 we'll just meet on a practice just to play and chill and have fun	我认为这是4线到2线之间的选手最大的问题。在4线我们就是训练碰个头大家玩玩找乐子那种。
But at some point, fun is a key component (?), but you need the steps before that. You have to understand what you need to improve on	但是同样的，乐趣也是个很重要的部分。但你得跳出舒适区，你要意识到你哪里需要提高
Because if you're the best in your team, well, then you need to join another team. You have to keep coming to a higher level of CS right	因为你如果是队伍里的最强的那个，那你就需要去加入其他的队伍。你要一直提升你参加CS比赛的级别
And I think where most players go off, they want to have fun by playing video games. The second they get competitive, and you lose and you lose and you lose. That's where it’s not fun anymore, right	而且我觉得大多数激情是怎么被磨灭的，他们一开始就是想通过游戏找乐子，然后一开始打比赛的指挥，就输了又输输了又输，然后这游戏就没意思了
But you still have to figure out a way to improve. So for me it's self-reflective, and be analytical about stuff you want to learn and understand the meaning on why people play this position, why they throw this flashban	但你还是要努力摸索出一条提高的途径。我的话就是通过不断地反思，审视自己的学习成果从而理解为什么对方打这个位置，为什么要扔这个闪
there's a lot of key element you can watch in a demo, but also watching yourself is always the best way to improve	一场demo里能看见的许多有价值的信息，同时回过头来看你自己视角也一直是最有效的提高方式
Thank you for that. Do you have any advices for TyLoo or any Asian teams at the moment	感谢，那你现在有什么对天禄或者其他亚洲队伍的建议吗
The situation we are in the world today, and probably also the next year, who knows? What I always admire a lot about the Brazilians was the sacrifice of moving to Europe and living there	我们目前所处的局势很可能会延续到下一年 谁知道呢 我一直很敬佩那些巴西选手就是他们愿意牺牲很多来到欧洲训练生活
Sacrifice time with family, girlfriends, whatever, you know, they put their heart and soul into the game	牺牲了和家人，女朋友在一起的时间，他们是真的把全身心都放在了游戏中
And I wish some of the (Asian) teams would actually fully commit to living in Europe because that's where the level is the highest and if I was a TyLoo player I will tell myself, okay I have a two year contract	所以我也希望能有亚洲队下决心来欧洲驻扎集训，因为那里的竞技水平是世界头一档。如果我是一个天禄队员，我会想，我有个两年的合约
I want to live two years in Europe and invest everything. Family, everything else has to wait. They can come visit me, but I cannot visit them. I need to be here for two years	这两年我就要驻扎在欧洲，倾其所有，无论是家庭还是什么都要靠边站。他们能来看我，但我不能去看他们身上。我要在这里用这两年全力以赴。
Where am I in two years? Am I further? Am I further back? Am I going close to the top? And I think that's where Asian CS has to sacrifice a lot more	在这两年中，每天三省吾身，有无进步，有无退步，有更接近顶级水平吗。所以我觉得在这方面亚洲队伍可能需要牺牲得更多
Plus the practice you guys have, like when you're the best team in Asia, you're not going to learn anything. Once you come to Europe for three weeks boot camp, you probably get smashed the first week because everything is so different	还有就是你们的练习赛，当你是亚洲最好的队伍时，在亚洲打训练赛就不会学到任何东西。一旦你们来到欧洲花个3周集训，你们大概率第一周就会被暴打因为一切完全不同了。
So I think definitely sacrifice, move to Europe, even though maybe the salary is not the highest. Just do it because it's your passion and go back home if it's not the work, the life you want	所以我觉得，要大胆付出，远赴欧洲，尽管可能薪水一般。但是要放开手去试一试，因为这是你的热爱，如果觉得这不是你想要的工作和生活，就回家
Every other comment is asking this and just I have to ask you. So ropz to Faze, is there any ground to it? Anything you can confirm at the moment	大家都在问这个问题，我必须得问你了，ropz转会faze，有眉目了吗？目前为止有什么可靠消息吗？
I mean, me and ropz are good friends, right? But it's his decision where he wants to go. So at this point, I cannot tell anything where he wants to go. We all know ropz has a lot of offers	我和ropz是好朋友。他想去哪这个决定得由他来做，所以目前，对于他的去向我实在无可奉告。我们都知道他是个抢手货。
So it's his own decision where he feels he can win the most trophies. If he gives me a call and says, hey, I'm interested, then I have to figure out what makes sense for us, right	所以这完全取决于他，看他觉得哪里能让他拿更多奖杯。如果他给我打个电话，说嘿，我觉得Faze不错，那到时候我就要去想怎么变动是最好的
I've said multiple times right now we’re a stable top 10 team. It's not good enough. But the last six months, we have been a top 10 team. And I'm not sure what we're missing, where we can push a little mor	我说了很多遍，我们是个稳定的前10名队伍。这还远不够好，但是这过去的6个月以来，我们一直都是前10，但是具体我们还有什么缺陷，哪里还能突破一下极限，这个我还不好说。
Could you just sort of comment on the young guns on your team, we're talking broky and Twistzz	能简单锐评一下，队内的年轻选手吗，broky 和 Twistz
For me, broky is a very unique player. He's like, kind of a mix of woxic, with more passive player. Sometimes he’s very, super aggressive, repeeks a lot. Sometimes he's passive	要我看，broky是个很有独特的选手，他融合了woxic的打法和更保守一些的打法。有时极具侵略性，多次反拉。有时就很保守求稳。
And I like that. I think I've tried to push him in a better direction to be more stable. I think one of the issues he has, he was not always super consistent	我很欣赏这点，我觉得我一直在努力让他往更稳健平衡的方向发展。我觉得他有一点得注意就是他之前不是特别稳定
And I think we've seen a consistent level from him now, having a system environment around him how he wants to move. He has a lot of freedom	我现在看他的发挥感觉已经比较稳定了，有一个体系配合着他行动出击，他现在有了不少空间。
I think the strengths he has, he's so fast. Like he's really, really fast and really consistent fast. So I think that's a strength. Mental, I think he’s also getting the experience	我认为他的优势在于他的枪太快了，他这个枪可是非常非常快啊，又快又稳。所以我认为这是一个优势。从心态上，我觉得他也在愈加成熟。
And I think the thing we need to learn is experience, you know, in the high pressure games, and is to stay calm. But that comes with time	我一直觉得经验这种都是是不可或缺的，你懂吗？且要在高压中保持冷静的心态，这些东西都是急不得的。
He's around very experienced coach and in-game leader, and I hope that gives him more and more (?) tournament to play, right	他周围有经验丰富的教练和指挥，我是很希望能让他在这种环境里在更多的大赛中磨砺的。
And yeah, Russell, crispy, mechanics is really good. Communication is really good. But he also has to find what role he is	说到总监，干脆的枪法，个人技术非常好，交流也很顺畅，但他也需要找到属于他的那个角色。
That's one of the things like when I look at the player he is, he can do everything, but then not everything	我观察后在他身上发现，你看他几乎能做所有事，但又做不了所有事
so we're trying to switch around and I think since I came I've given every freedom, every position he wants to perform and I think he's done that as well	所以我们正在尝试把他换到各种位置去，而且自从我来以后我给了他所有的自由度，他想发挥的位置都能满足 他也发挥得很好
So great overall player and happy to have these youngsters with me. And I think they showed a really stable individual level so far and this year, and I think it's gonna get even better next year. I cannot see them drop off because I don't believe they’ve hit their peak yet	总得来说是个非常优秀的选手，也很高兴能有这些年轻人一起在身边。在这一整年中他们展现了很稳定出彩的个人实力，我相信明年将会更出色。我不认为他们的实力会下降，因为我不相信他们已经到达了巅峰
Yeah, he's just super locked in, super motivated -Yeah and that’s thing about him. He works really hard as well, Twistzz. And he’s happy under my leadership, we have a really good working relationship, me and him	对啊，他是真的好专注，动力十足。 -对啊，他就是这样一个人，同时他也十分努力，总监他也很高兴能由我领导。我们两人之间的工作关系很棒。
So everything makes sense you know, I can come to him and say stuff I want him to improve on and he will just work on it instantly. I think that's a very healthy environment to hav	合作非常畅快，我能对他说他哪些地方需要改进，他会立马付诸行动，我觉得这个环境是十分健康的。
Okay, people are saying, hey karrigan we need the kiss, we need a glare, we need a little heart. You know, the things that you do with the camera -yeah sure I can do tha	好了，大家都在说，大表哥亲我，大表哥瞪我，大表哥比个心。你经常对镜头做的动作。-可以 没问题
Okay, everybody say thank you karrigan	大家说谢谢karrigan
So whenever you're ready, everybody's asking for a kiss, for a glare, or whatever, anything you’re comfortable wit	大家就等着你的亲亲，爱的注视了，其实啥都行，你觉得可以做的
Let's do this	来吧
Thank you lo	谢谢 哈哈哈哈
Let me just get in on the heart, because I know that we're all doing this in front of our screen right now. This is great. So much love, and you are just such a character. I feel just so inspired by this interview	比心我也加入一下，我知道我们都在屏幕前比心呢。这很棒。都是爱，你真是个特别的人。这个采访我真的受益匪浅
There's so many things that you said that I think that I can take away and use in my daily life	你说的很多事我都可以吸纳并运用到我的生活中
We're about the same age. I've done a lot of different types of work. And now I'm trying to be a good streamer, a good content creator. And there are things that… I'm setting goals, I'm taking the step	我们年纪相仿。我做过很多不一样的工作。我现在正在努力做一个优秀的主播和up主。我也在设定目标，在一步一步地走
and I'm doing those, so thank you. Thank you so much	我也都在去做 所以非常非常感谢你
Thank you for bringing me on here I think it was great, too. You know that's the thing, right? Some idols inspired me. And I've also like, if they can inspire me, I can inspire others	谢谢你邀请我来，我也觉得这次采访很棒。就应该是这样的。我的偶像们激励着我，如果他们能激励我，那我也能激励其他人
it's a privilege that people follow me enough, fans of what I'm doing because literally I'm just playing video games, right? We all know 20 years ago, I played video games, you couldn't tell anyone	我就是单单打个游戏就能有那么多追随我的粉丝，这是我的荣幸。不像二十年前，你玩个游戏都不好意思告诉别人
Now it's a dream job for many people who want to be where I'm at today, right? So, thank you for bringing me on and listening to me	现在这变成一份很多人梦寐以求的工作了。很多人都想站到我这个位置。所以谢谢你给我这个机会，聆听我的想法。
So now let me ask you again, why Counter-Strike? What makes Counter-Strike so special	现在，我再问你一次，为什么选择了CS，它为什么如此特别？
Now, I think the adrenaline was why I started this, running around shooting, then it became strategic, like you can improve, you can do so many small thing	我觉得一开始是肾上腺素（激情）给了我动力， 在游戏里打打杀杀，后来就到战略层面上了。你是可以从中进步的，很多很多的细节
There's something I think about when I'm making new tactics now for the next season. Like, why I never thought about this, you know, because, there's a scenario where people would do a good strat or a tactic you know, okay, how do we adapt to this tactic	我正在为下一个赛季设计一些新的战术。我就会觉得，我为什么从来没想到过这点，当对面采取了一个很好的战略或战术的时候，我就在想我们应该如何应对
So my mind is constantly thinking if it's morning, evening, midday, how do I fix this? Can I fix this flash? I can spend 30 minutes finding a flash and not even using it because in the end it was not good enough. You know	我一直在思考，早上，晚上，中午，我怎么解决这个问题？我可以改进这个闪光吗？我会花三十分钟寻找一个完美的闪光，但最后直接弃用，因为它不够好
I think that's the thing about Counter-Strike that I love the most. It never stops. Counter-Strike is living and it's changing all the time	我觉得这就是我最喜欢CS的地方了 CS从不停歇 CS是有生命的 它一直在变化
And we see NaVi now, why are they the best team? Everybody's watching Navi demos. All in-game leaders are watching Navi demos. What are they doing since they can win so much? Right	为什么现在的NaVi是世界上最好的队伍呢。每个人，包括所有的指挥都在看他们的录像，试图从中发现他们成功的奥秘。
And I love that. You’re like this is the team you want to beat. This is the team. How do we beat them? What do they do good? Can we copy some of that? Can we do it even better	我喜欢这一点。这是你想要击败的对手，就是这个队，我们怎么击败他们？他们哪里做的好？我们可以借鉴过来吗？我们可以做得更好吗？
And I just love it like that's why I love CS like it's not only about shooting. It's a small part of it, a big part sometimes you can't kill but I think Counter-Strike is a lifestyle, is a passion. It's being on the stage and being in the zone, in a cage where you fight the other tea	这就是为什么我热爱CS 枪法只是其中的一小部分，有时你打不死人就变成很大一部分了，但是对于我来说CS是一种生活方式，是一种热爱，是在舞台上，是专心致志在笼子里与对面厮杀
so yeah, passion, never stop thinking about it. Counter-Strike breathes. That's my point of view	热爱，从不停止思考，CS会呼吸，这就是我的想法
Amazing. Thank you so much. All right. Everybody say thank you karrigan, bye karrigan	太棒了，太感谢你了。好的大家说谢谢大表哥，拜拜大表哥
How do you say thank you?	谢谢中文咋说?
Wow your Chinese pronunciation is very good. -My fiancee loves Shanghai. So I’m preparing to get to Shanghai soon	你发音不错嘛 - 我未婚妻很喜欢上海，所以我们可能不久后会来上海
That'd be amazing. Let us know when you get here. And hopefully, you know, next year when COVID dies down, there'll be Funspark, IEM Beijing. Hey, maybe I'll be like an interviewer there. I don't know. We'll see	那太好了。你到上海请务必告知我们。到了明年，疫情有望结束的时候，这边就能有Funspark，IEM 北京的比赛了。说不定到时候我会主持做采访工作呢，让我们拭目以待吧。
Come say hello, then. -Yeah. Well, thank you so much. I'm gonna let you go. I know that you're a very busy man. And please thank Stefan for coordinating -I will. -He's been just super patient with me and just thank you guys. Thank you so much	到时候来打招呼。-非常感谢你，我不再耽误你了，我知道你很忙。同时也请谢谢Stefan做的协调工作。-我会的。 -他对我十分有耐心，非常感谢
Yeah, I couldn't do it before now because we had too many tournaments -of course -so I appreciate you waiting as well	是的之前我们有太多的比赛了，所以我没法做这个采访。-完全明白 -我也十分感谢你为此所做的等待。