Hello - Hey, Finn, how are you? -Good. Can you hear me	你好 -hey 表哥，怎样啊 -不错啊，能听见吗
How's the the sound quality and video quality and everything? -It's good for m	音质啊，画质啊之类的怎么样啊 -我看着行
-Am I laggy at all or? -No, not at all -All right. All right. Really nice to see you, man. Hold on one second. Let me show you, you see this	我这有延迟吗？ -没，一点也没 -那行，好的，见到你很高兴。等下哈，给你看个东西，看到了吗？
So it's live for what? Oh, yeah. Yeah. -Oh insane, a lot of fans. -I think Faze is just hands down one of the most popular organizations around the world, and especially in Chin	嚯，这是直播吗？-当然 -太夸张了，这么多粉丝吗 -我得说faze就是世界上最受欢迎的战队之一了，尤其是在中国
I actually just interviewed Russell a few days ago. -oh! -And now I’m interviewing you so it's been a good couple of days for us Faze fans. -Good for yo	我前几天还在采访总监来着 -哦真的吗 -现在轮到你了，这几天对faze粉来说简直过年了 -那你很棒哦
Our first question, I don't want you to answer right away, I want you to keep it in the back of your head. And I'm going to ask you again at the end of this -Alrigh	我们的第一个问题，你不用立刻回答，我想让你在脑子里酝酿酝酿，采访的最后我会再问你一次 -好嘞
So why Counter Strike? What makes Counter Strike so special? Alright, -that’s a good question -so our first official question, so how do you make sure that teammates from different cultures get along and that your team chemistry is so good	所以 你为什么选择CS CS为什么如此特别？ -好问题 -那么我们的第一个正式问题来了哈，你是怎么确保来自不同文化背景的队员相处融洽，能够让队伍内的化学反应如此微妙的
The thing in the international team, it's really important to take people who they are from where they're from in the world, understand what culture they're at, their work ethic, there's a lot of different things	国际纵队的团队建设，重点就在于要保留队员在各自的独特属性，了解他们所处的文化风气，工作态度，这其中的差异可多了
But I think the most important thing is to create a team environment, common goal, because I've realized during my career that once you have a common goal, everything else doesn't matter, right	但我觉得最重要的还是要去建立一个有共同目标的队伍环境，因为在我多年的职业生涯中我意识到，一旦你有了一个共同奋斗的目标，其他的事那还叫事吗，你说是不
If the person wants to become the best, he has his own work ethic. And I'm not gonna tell someone from another culture where maybe they're a little more lazy. But in the end, if they want to become the best, they have to figure out their own way to become the best right	如果有人想成为top，他要有自己的工作态度。而我就不会对一个不了解相关文化的人说，你这好像有点开摆啊。但是最终，要是他们想成为top，这条道还是得他们自己一步一步去摸索，是不是
For me, it's most important as a leader, as a team leader, to create an environment where everyone can be themselves. But we all work on the same page, right, we need to be on the same page	对我来说，我背负着领导位的职责，要为大家建立一个大家都能去做自己的环境。要保证大家是一条心，我们要步调一致一起努力。
So it's like the most word I've used in my whole career, being on the same page. If it's inside, around, outside the game, before game after game, my main thing is, we have to acknowledge everybody’s from different parts of the world,	这可能是我职业生涯中说的最多的话了，步调一致。无论在内还是在外，游戏里还是训练中，我的基准点就是，我们要接受大家来自世界各地，
different views on how you want to play the game, how you ask the player, but it's my main goal to try to connect those pieces. So creating an environment around that where everybody's free to be themselves can speak off their heart	有对游戏的各种各样的理解，对队员多种多样的要求，但我的主要职责就是去拼凑这些零零散散的部件。所以有一个大家可以敞开心扉互诉衷肠的环境就显得尤为重要。
And some people are better to speak in groups, but some people need to take one on one talks with, to take them aside and talk with them. So yeah, I think it's normal human thing, right	有些人天生就大大方方不怯场，有些人就需要点私密空间，得带到一边单聊。这就是个很正常的个体差异。
When you have a big conversation in normal work, you have to take in consideration people come in different parts of the world, but they also bring different part to your game to your organization	当你进行一个正常的工作交流时，你要考虑大家都是从不同地方来的，大家都把各自的游戏风格带到了战队里
So all in all, it is something you sacrifice, but you also kind of stay on the same page. That's it. That's the most common word me and RobbaN uses	所以总而言之，你要牺牲一点，但还是要切记保持一条心。就是这样，我和robban经常把这个词挂在嘴边。
Well, I think you've done a fantastic job creating that positive environment and we can all see, you know, we're all very up to date with your vlogs	平心而论，我觉得你在创造积极环境方面颇有建树，这我们都能看得出来，你知道吗，你的新vlog我们都会看。
Yeah you know, we all started playing CSGO to have fun right? Sometimes you forget that in a high pressure environment at tournaments. So you see that on camera sometimes when I have the camera it's not somewhere else is actually the fun we have in the team	那当然，我们玩cs都是为了乐趣是吧。遗憾的是有时在高压下你就逐渐忘了，你们有时也在镜头里也能看见，我们队内的快乐很纯粹。
And that's internal jokes, which is hard to show sometimes but I'm trying to do my best to kind of show the environment we have outside the game but also inside the game when I release the voice comms righ	讲的都是些都是内部笑话，这些有时候就不太好对外展示，但我还是尽我所能，通过队内语音啊这些视频，展现游戏内外的队内氛围，
amazing, amazing and again, any of these questions if you feel uncomfortable, or if you don't have a good answer, we'll just skip because we have a bunch of these questions lined up. -haha sur	神奇啊，对了，如果有任何问题你觉得不便回答，或者你没有一个太好的答案，我们就跳过，因为我们的问题那可多了去了。--哈哈，好好
So do you think Faze will be your last stop as a professional player and when you retire, would you consider being a coach	那么你觉得faze会是你职业生涯的最后一站吗，还有当你退役后，你会考虑做一名教练吗？
That's a good question right when I joined Faze I actually thought that would be my last org but you know things go down as it is. Obviously I love FaZe Clan, I love how they work that I love their view of how they are,	这是个好问题，其实当我加入faze时我就曾经想过这会是我最后一个战队，但是你知道，这种事只能顺其自然。很明显我对faze clan是真爱，我欣赏他们的工作，也欣赏他们对自己的评价与剖析
what kind of position they are in the eSports community the fans they have are crazy right? As you see a lot of Chinese fans as well, even though I don't feel that since we don't have many tournaments there	他们在电竞领域是出于一个什么咖位呢，他们的粉丝数那可是无法估量啊？你也看见了，这里就有好多好多中国粉丝，即使我们这里没啥大赛平时感觉不出来。
But I think for me, I will never say never. I wish this is my home you know, that's why I came back to FaZe Clan not because of exactly the players because we have good players with mousesports but FaZe Clan feels like a home for m	但对我来说吧，我不能把话说死了，我希望faze是我的家。这就是为什么我会回到faze clan，不是因为有那些天价选手，我在mouzsport时候也有好的选手，但是只有faze clan给了我家的感觉。
and I appreciate what they've done all my career and the trust they put in me. So unless something goes down again, then obviously I will not end my career in Faze. But as I see, like the perspective I have on my future is like everything's in my own hand	我很感激他们在我职业生涯中所做的一切，也很感激他们对我付出的信任。所以除非又出什么事件，那我就没法在faze退役了。但依我看，我对未来的展望基本都在我的控制范围内。
and I feel that's also the terms I have in Faze. Once I don't want to play they will accept that. But whatever I'm gonna do, I have no idea after. One of the only things, consideration I did was I’ll try out to be a coach, because I have a feelin	这也是Faze接受的条件，一旦我没有了继续的打算他们也会接受的。但是至于我会选择哪条路，其实我没个准。我可以试试当教练，因为我的感觉是
I've played competitive for 20 years now, hanging up my mouse and being a coach that's completely different step and perspective. And I think once I want to try out that I need to have a really clear mindset about I cannot play anymore. You know	我已经打了20年职业了，放下我的鼠标做个教练是个全新的角度。所以一旦我想试试一条道，我就必须得有一个很清楚的定位，那就是我已经不能打职业了，你懂吗
If I feel I can still be in the best teams to be one of the best in game leaders, I cannot stop myself from not playing right. So yeah, what the future holds, I don't know, I just know that I feel I get better every day	如果我觉得我还能够在一线队伍里做一个一线指挥，那我就不能阻止我自己发光发热。所以呢，未来会发生什么，我不知道，我只知道我每一天都在进步。
And I also feel my individual level at end of this year has been better than it was in the beginning of year. So working hard, and I never know when I'm done	For me, when I wake up, if I'm motivated to become the best team in the world. Doesn't matter how old I am, to be honest	而且我还觉得到了年末时我的个人实力水平比起我年初时要好。所以我只管努力，从不告诉自己哪里是尽头。	对我来说，每当我醒来，只要我还有那股要成为最好的队伍的志气在，那么年龄就不是个问题。
Yeah, you'll know when you know, -exactly like the most important thing I learned from Kobe was he wants to step away on his own terms from the game. And that's the same for me, I want to step away from the game on my own terms,	是啊，时候到的时候你会知道的  - 就是这样，比如我从Kobe身上学到的最重要的就是他想要以自己的方式离开赛场。对我来说也是一样的，我要用我自己的方式离开赛场。
if that means something is in front of me making it hard not to continue, I do everything I can to make sure I step down when I want to step down	如果这意味着在我面前有困难让我几乎不能前进了，我会竭尽全力保证只有当我想退出时才会退出。
And not when somebody in the community tells me I'm done, because that's the best part. When they tell me I'm done. I will get more fired up	而不是网上某个人跟我说我不行了，因为这就是我最喜欢的点，当别人说我不行了，我反而更加斗志昂扬。
Can you give us a quick overview of Faze’s daily training routine	能给我们说说大致的faze的训练日常吗
we meet 1130. We have one and a half hours, where we go through mistakes on practice today before we go through new setups, what we need to improve on what we need to focus on during the practice, right	我们会在11：30碰头。花上个一个半小时，在研究新套路前回顾总结我们训练的失误，要提高的点，要着重训练的点
So sometimes we will have three(?) maps of practice on Nuke, so our main focus will be Nuke in that one a half hours and what mistakes have we done on nuke and what can we improve on	所以有时我们会选几个地图专项训练 比如在nuke上，那我们就花一个半小时只集中在nuke这张地图上，看看我们犯了那些错误，有那些地方可以提升
So yeah, one and a half hours on recrafting(?reflecting) mistakes and talking about that. And then we have to practice like two scrims one hour break and then three scrims and then we're done	所以，一个半小时来回顾讨论错误。然后打两场约战，休息一个小时，再来三场约战，然后就结束了
So looking at that, like what was that like seven half hours practice every day, or six and a half, seven hours, right. That also leaves time for people to play individually	那么这样看下来，每天至少要一起练个7半小时左右，或者6个半小时，7个小时的也有。这样也给大家留下时间做个人提升。
Also to have a private life because when we are tournament, there is no private life it's full force on a tournament s	当然还得有点私生活，因为一旦开赛了，那就毫无个人空间可言了，那就是全身心的只为比赛了。
but sometimes we change it up sometimes we have two hours to three hours for recrafting, if we are starting a new season. Like for example in general we will start a new season we have to improve a lot, make a little new stuff. So we have a lot of more time there than then practice in itself	当然有时候也会调剂一下，有时会花2到3小时来反思，尤其是新赛季开始的时候。就比如一般来说开新赛季了，我们要提高很多，整点新花样。所以我们在这理论方面花的时间会比实战要多。
So when there are star players on the other side, we're talking s1mple Zywoo or dev1ce, or XANTARES if you’re playing FPL or whatever. Do you adjust your own playstyle	那么当对面有还能多明星选手时，比如simple，zywoo，device或者打FPL碰到xantares，你会调整你的打法风格嘛？
I think it's hard to say right? I think when you're one of the greatest players in the world like s1mple and zywoo it's very hard to get a tell on you. The reason why you're one of the best players in the world is because you're one step ahead	我觉得这个不好说，我觉得当你是像simple和zywoo那样的世界级明星选手，你的打法就非常不容易被看透。因为你之所以能成为最强的选手就是因为你总是先人一步。
So for me I have fought many times I remember like four years ago when I played s1mple I tried to anti-strat him and once we came to the game he didn't do anything what I prepared fo	对我来说，我对抗过很多次明星选手，我记得4年前，当我对阵simple时我尝试去反制他的战术，然后当我们进入游戏后才发现他的打法没有一个是我们准备过的。
so for me it's really important that I actually don't prepare hard against the star(?) of the team and I see where the weakness is, but you cannot shut down s1mple. If you're going to put him in position he's still gonna kill three guys sometimes you cannot stop that	对我来说，不要因为对面的所谓明星选手而限制自己的可能性是很重要的，要善于发现对方的弱点。你无法完全限制s1mple，有时不管你做什么，他都打掉三个，你根本拦不住
That's how good he is so you just have to have that in mind that you want to figure out where he is because many watch the demos when s1mple takes a shot somewhere he moves really fast right	他就是这么厉害，所以你心里要明白，搞清楚他在那里，因为大家看过demo的都知道simple打完一枪后他会很快的换位置
So he knows that when you see s1mple you react on another side it's like a FPL against a good player or Faceit you against good player like go away from the guy who has 30 frags	所以他自己心知肚明，当你遇到了s1mple，你就会去打另外一边，就像是fpl和faceit上遇见对面有大爹一样，躲开那个已经杀了30个的人
You can't do that in pro CS because then you already lost the game. So for me like okay is there some peeks he likes to do? What can we do about it? What we really need to be aware of the tendencies with the players righ	但你打职业不能这么搞，不然就已经输了。像我的话，看看他喜欢peek什么点位，我们能如何应对，要注意他们有那些打法倾向
if you hit a bomb site two or three times I know s1mple wanna go there. He’s not going to keep playing retake on B Inferno so he wants to go b right	你要是打了同一个包点2 3次了，我就知道simple会想去那边。他就不会想把把打inferno的b区回防，而是选择直接去B。
So when it comes down to that you adapt on when is the right time you think s1mple is gonna switch it up	所以这种时候你就会顺应局势，把握解读simple什么时候会选择换地方
But it’s very hard to anti-strat a player you just have to anti-strat the team you have to find their weakness and not go to their strengths all the time	但其实要战术反制一个选手是很难的，你要做的是战术上克制对面整个队伍，去揭开暴露他们的弱点，而不是一直硬碰硬
So we got a bit of a fun question here, so how did you develop such a strong mental game and when was the last time you actually tilted	这是一个有趣的问题，你是如何锻炼出如此强大的心态的，你上次破防是在什么时候
And I realized that once I came to mouz, I had to be the figure. I had to be the real leader. I had to be really strong because if I went down with so young, inexperienced team, we will never get up	我刚到mouz时我也意识到了这一点，我必须以身作则。我要成为真正扛得住的领导者。我必须在心态上强健起来，因为如果我在那么年轻，经验较浅的队伍里心态失衡，那么我们永无出头之日。
And I think RobbaN told me that he has seen me over the years and in Faze I had to develop a really strong mental game. Plus, he could sometimes see on my body language, the way I acted that if it didn't go my view of the game, how I wanted to go, I could be frustrated, right	robban也对我说过，他看我在faze这么些年，也觉得我必须得锻炼出一个强大的心态。更何况，有些时候我的肢体语言就暴露了一切，要是局势不顺或者没按我要求打出来 我就会心态炸裂。
And I think at that moment, I realized how important I was to these young guys that I was there in the game, I was doing everything I could in my power and not frustrated	当时我就我意识到我对这些年轻人的重要性，我要在游戏内稳住，尽我所能不被情绪击垮。
And we ended up winning because we stayed strong mentally. So I developed that, also having a lovely fiancee, who is studying to become a sports psychologist gives me a lot of ideas how to handle stuf	然后我们最终赢下比赛，因为我们稳住了心态。所以我就悟到了，还有个非常好的未婚妻，她在努力学习成为体育心理专家，她给了我很多建议如何去控制情绪。
but also find inspiration in Kobe and other big idols in my life. Right. So I think all in all, I have focused a lot on staying mentally ahead, because I think that could be one of my weaknesses, and I knew that I can improve o	当然也从kobe啊还有我的其他偶像中汲取灵感。所以总的来说，我在保持积极心态上花了不少功夫，因为我觉得这曾经是我的弱项之一，我也十分清楚我能在此提高
like there's always stuff you want to improve on. When you lose a game because you're mentally out of the game, then next day, I go to study why I was mentally out of the game? And how can I prevent that from happening	其实总会有你能提高的地方，当你因为因为心态问题输掉比赛，第二天，我就去反思为什么会心态崩盘，以及我怎么才能避免再次发生。
So with experience, I think everything comes together. And that's why I feel really mentally strong at this point,	那么有了相关经验之后，我认为一切就豁然开朗了，也是为什么我感觉我现在心态非常强大
and we have a follow up question to that. So which current pro player is the most likely to tilt	我们还有个相关的后续问题，那么目前那位职业哥最容易破防
I think it's very hard to say. Because there's different tilts, right? There is a player who would tilt on his teammates. And then there's players who will smash the table, but they're mad about themselves	我觉得整个不太好说，就是破防分为很多种，是吧。有人喜欢对队友发火，有人喜欢砸桌子但其实是对自己不满意
So that's why I never understood why people said niko was toxic because niko always tilted on itself. If he failed a shot, or if he did something, he would smash the table	所以我一直不明白为什么会有人说niko是压力怪，因为niko只是对自己发火，如果空枪或者什么，他就砸桌子
For me, when you look at tennis, you know, if people smash the racket, it’s directed to themselves, like frustrated about that, reset, right	对我来说，就好比你看网球，你知道吗，如果有人砸网球牌子，是因为在对自己发火 重置一下情绪就好 对不对
And for me, I haven't played, and I have no idea who can be the most tilt because the most tilt is like when you're toxic to his teammates, right? And saying after you're dead, like, what are you doing	至于我，我也没接触过，也不知道谁的心态是最差的。因为最差情况就是那种压力队友的，死了之后问队友都在干嘛
Stuff like that can never happen in my teams. And if that happens, somebody’s ou	这种事在我的队伍绝不能发生，如果发生，直接离队处理
So we want to ask you about Olof, obviously one of the most legendary figures of CSGO, do you have any idea what his plan is, will he give one more year to competitive CSGO	那么我们还想问问olof，毫无疑问csgo最传奇的选手之一，你知道他接下来的计划吗，他还会继续打一年职业吗
It's very hard to say because Olof is a guy who likes to play. He loves CS right. And that's also why when I asked him to come back, he was more than willing to come back to play with me, to be in a good environment	这个比较难说，因为olof这人本身就喜欢这游戏，他热爱cs，这也是为什么当我邀请他回归时，他没说二话就回来了，融入一个好的环境
And also I think the role he has in us is not his full potential, but it's a role he fulfills really good. His role he grew into, right	而且我也觉得他在队内的位置也没让他完全发挥实力，但这个位置被他诠释的很完美，他逐渐适应了这个位置
We haven't seen Olof in a more, heavier fragging role. Since he joined Faze, he’s always been the glue, kind of a support element filling in the gaps for the team	我们现在看olof也不是个倾向击杀的角色，自从他加入faze，他一直都是团队的粘合剂，作为辅助，填补队伍的间隙
So how long he wants to play, it's very hard to say I think he still has a lot of motivation. But the motivation comes from playing in a team where the environment is good	至于他要打多久，这个就很难说，因为我看他还是动力十足。但是这份动力来自一个能提供良好环境的队伍。
Because he doesn't play for the money and he just enjoys competing right? And I don't know how much more he wants to do. I can only speak for myself from what I see and I see a motivated Olof	因为他现在也不是为了钱，他就是过来享受竞技的，是不？我也不知道他还想继续多久，我只能从我自己的角度说一说，我看到的是一个冲劲满满的olof。
He is always a guy who improves the team right? So yeah, I think you have to ask him because he knows the answer. I’ll never say he's retiring when he's not said himself	他不是一直都是为了团队而提高的人嘛。所以，我觉得这个问题你还得去问他本人，只有他知道答案。他要是自己不说，我不会说他到底是否想退役
So he had to make some sacrifices when he came back to Faze this time around to play in a role that he's not necessarily the most comfortable with	所以他这次回来faze要做一些牺牲，来适应一个他本来并不适合他的位置
coming into Faze he had always the mindset okay, I'm not going to be the star player. I'm going to be key element, if that supporting, to anchor, whatever you know	来到faze，他的想法一直都是，我现在不是明星选手，我是一个重要的角色，无论是在辅助，或是单人镇守包点。
So he is like one of the best all around players he can play awp he can make good calls like he can do everything. And I think he realized if he wants to stay on top in the scene, he needs to transform into that role, right	所以他是最好的全能性选手，能拿狙，能指挥报点，啥都能做。所以我认为他意识到了如果他要一直呆在最前线，他就需要转型到那种角色，你说呢
And there's some point in his career where he realized, okay, if I'm the star player, am I gonna be better than Niko? And he knew that already that Niko was gonna be a better star player	在他的职业生涯中他也不时意识到，如果我是明星选手，我会强过niko吗，他也早就知道niko会是一个更好的明星选手
So he made the sacrifice all the years ago, you know. So the role he comes into now is familiar with him, how I call how I want to use him. So I don't think that changed	所以很多年前他就做了这些牺牲，所以他现在的这个角色其实他是熟悉的，我怎么指挥，怎么运用他，所以我不认为这有很大变化。
where I often takes all the roles people don't want on the CT side	一般都是我在ct上承担那些别人都不想承担的角色
And this is probably the the best question to ask you. So what is it like playing CSGO on a stage with thousands of people cheering	这估计是最适合问你的问题，在千万人欢呼的舞台上打CSGO是什么体验
I mean, that's what I live for, you know, I have been from day one with Counter-Strike where there was nothing, when you had to go to local LANs to win 50 Euros on prize money and the train ticket costs more than 50 Euros to even get to the tournament	我想说我活着就为了这个？当初CS刚出，一切都还没有的的时候我就已经在打了。你当时去打线下就为了50欧，去比赛的车钱都不止50欧
So from that beginning to where we are now, the only reason why I played so long time is because of the stage, is because when you go on the stage, I'm a different beast. You know, I'm, I'm like in a mental different state, I'm in a competition where everything matters	所以从那个开始到现在CS的样子，我能打这么长时间的原因就是因为有舞台，因为一上舞台，我就好比一只不同的野兽。我从心态上就有些不一样了。我身处于一个每一个细节都要扣的比赛之中
And this win or lose game, it's not behind the curtains, everybody is paying to see you perform, right? So if everything comes together, then obviously, my personality shines on the stage as well	这是要么赢要么输的游戏，都不在幕后，每个人都花了钱来看你表现是吧？如果一切顺利，我的个人魅力也会在舞台上闪耀。
I'm always a little troll or doing some strange stuff, you know. When people come to pay a ticket. They want to see great Counter-Strike. They want to see tight matches but they also want to see personalities, right	我在台上喜欢搞怪 做些奇奇怪怪的事情？当人们买了票，他们希望看到精彩的CS。他们要看焦灼的比赛也想看到选手挥洒个性
They want to see me in a competition for example, right? So I think I just embrace that. And you can love it, you can hate it. It's just me like I'm not pretending to be someone else. And I think that's the most important thing	他们想看比赛状态的我。所以我就完全放开了。你可以喜欢也可以不喜欢，在这个时候我就是我，毫不掩饰，我觉得这才是最重要的事。
Either you love it or hate it. And I'm fine with that. That has been my last part of the career. Either you love the way I call or you hate the way I call right? So I don't really care about the haters. I just love to be myself on the stage	爱我或者恨我的风格，对我来说无所谓。我在我职业生涯末期就是这样。你要么爱我的指挥风格要么恨，所以我不在意那些黑子，我就只是想在舞台上享受自我。
And I think that's why I love it so much. That is different than sitting here now talking right? This could be live before match and it will be differen	我觉得这就是我为什么喜欢线下舞台的原因，这和咱们在这直播采访的感觉完全不同，这可能是比赛之前的生活但和比赛就是不一样的。
You are aware that Chinese fans like to give out nicknames. And that everybody on Faze, everybody on every team almost has a nickname. And so do you. Do you have any idea what your nickname is? 你可能知道中国粉丝都喜欢给选手起外号，不管是FAZE的每一个选手还是其他队伍的每一个选手几乎都有外号，你也是，你知道你的中文外号是什么吗？
No, no idea. -Okay, I'm gonna try my best to explain this to you. So your nickname is the big cousin	不知道。没事，我会努力和你解释一下，你的外号叫大表哥。
Yeah, from JW right? I think I heard about this	因为JW是吧，我好像听说过
For the record. I don't think this at all, but some people think that you look like JW. I think you look a lot better. I think you’re a lot more charismatic. -I’ve heard that before hah	我声明一下，我个人完全不这么觉得，但有些人会说你长得像JW，我觉得你比他帅多了，你更有魅力。-我之前听人说过哈哈
Okay. Now I know. I think I’ve heard about it before can’t remember whe	好的 我现在知道了，我之前听过但是不记得啥时候了
Would you wanna know how to say it? It’s Da Biao G	你想知道怎么说吗，大表哥
That’s actually really goo	哇发音很不错
Can you give us like a hey guys I’m Da Biao Ge	你可以和观众们说一句“大家好我是大表哥”吗
Yeah, that's pretty good. 大家说Thank you Karriga	发音真的很棒
Russell's nickname is actually Director. -Director. -Yeah. Like he owns everything. And he gives haircuts, like a hairstyle director – ah make sens	Twistzz的昵称其实是总监。-总监？-是的，就像是他能掌控一切。他给别人剪头，发行总监。-明白了
This is just, this is just nonstop. I hope you know how popular you are. And just how many fans you and Faze have all these years, back in 2018 and also now, it just carried over	这真的一直不带停的。我希望你知道的人气有多高，从2018年开始，你和Faze的粉丝，一直积攒到现在
And I hope we come to tournament in Asia soon so we can meet all those fans. -that would be amazing - I think I felt a lot of personal fans as well. It was it Shanghai, CSGO Asia was it, with mouz? -Yea	我希望我们可以来亚洲参加比赛，这样我们就能见到所有的粉丝。-那就太棒了。-我能感觉到很多个人粉丝。之前在上海的CSGO亚洲赛是吧 我在mouz时  -是的
Obviously not in Faze, but I could feel some of the personal fans as well, saying hello to me. So that's pretty cool	当时不是在Faze，但我能感觉到有很多个人粉丝来跟我打招呼。还挺酷的
So this is actually a very interesting question. So a lot of my fans come to me, they try to learn English. They come to me for advices on applying for schools and stuff. And this is a good question to ask you I think	这其实是个很有意思的问题。我有很多粉丝来找我学英语，咨询关于申请学校的事情。我觉得这个问题很适合问你
So how did you balance receiving higher education with gaming? And what are some things that you learn from university that maybe you applied to CS	你是如何平衡游戏和学业的？你在大学里有学到什么适用于CS的知识吗
Oh, yeah. I mean, it was always back on my head that I had a dream about competing counter strike on a high level, I did it doing my bachelor, playing in fnatic, I think, mousesports	有的。我那个时候一直怀揣着一个CS职业的梦。我当时的确是一边完成本科学业一边在fnc还有mouz打职业
So that was 1.6. There weren’t so many travel days. But once I traveled, I had to study on the flight, make exams while I was in China, for example, for like some CS online tournament, 	那是在1.6的时候了。那时还不用为了比赛四处奔波。但一到线下比赛，我就得在飞机上学习。比如在中国的时候参加某个线上CS比赛，我还得考试
With fnatic there was some CS online tournament where I had to go back between the matches in Denmark to make an exam and then fly back to China	在FNC的时候当时有个什么CS的线上比赛 我就不得不在回丹麦考试，然后再飞回中国比赛 来回跑
So I think it's all about self-structure, self-discipline. I knew that I'm not gonna get the best grades, I'm never gonna be the best in school if I want to achieve the dream, right	所以我觉得很重要的就是对自己的管理 自律。我知道我的分数不会很高，如果我想达成CS的梦想我不可能是学校里成绩最好的那个
So one of the things on my mind was okay, four months, in the beginning of the year, I have full focus on CS, I study less, but once the exam comes, I go full 100% in onto the exams and try to do my best	所以我脑子里有一件事就是，在年初的四个月，我会完全专注于CS，少学习，但一旦考试来临，我就会百分之百的准备考试并且尽自己最大努力。
So I just think I was very fast a self-learner, because I wasn't much in university, I had to do everything by the book and reading the books, understanding it all myself instead of a teacher telling me how it works, right	所以我觉得我自学的速度很快，我不是很经常在大学里，我不得不通过看书来获取全部知识，通过自学理解而不是让老师来告诉我怎么回事。
So I think what I learned is like, if I want to do something, like what I've done is very unique. And I think whatever comes next in my life, if I just invest my passion into it, I know I can achieve it	所以我觉得我所学到的东西就像是：如果我想做一些事情，独一无二与众不同的事，无论我的人生下一件事情是什么，如果我把我的热情投入进去我就知道我能做得到
And also, I knew that if I invest my time, in everything I do, it's gonna work out at some point, as long as I have the passion and the feeling for it, righ	并且，我知道只要我投入时间，不管做什么，在某一个时间点就能成功，只要我投入我的热情和用心
but once we came to Astralis, that's where I had to write my master degree. That was tough. Not gonna lie. The master's degrees, like a six month period, we have to write a big paper about something in my life, right	但我来到A队的时候，那时我正在攻读我的硕士文凭。那段很艰难，认真的说，好像有六个月的时间吧，我要写一篇很长的论文关于我人生中的一些事。
And that was like back then was like, some cybercrime I wrote about. And then I use something from Counter Strike the DDoS attack and stuff like that, and how that can be used on companies	然后我写的是一个网络犯罪，然后我运用了CS中会发生的DDOS攻击之类的，然后讲述它如何会被运用到公司上。
But yeah, I wrote that paper while we had many tournaments with Astralis, we were the best team in the world. And, you know like at a tournament, if you lose, you have like three days I could study, but we played all the days -you just never los	当然了，我写这个论文的时候我还在A队有好多比赛要打，我们当时是世界上最好的队伍。你也知道的一场赛事如果你输了，你可能会有三天时间多出来学习，但我们每天都要比赛 -你们就没输过
So I didn't have time. Exactly. So it was a tough period. But I think winning and making that just made me realize that, okay, I was one of the lucky ones that I could actually pull this off	是的 所以我没有时间。那段时间非常艰难。但是我觉得赢得比赛取得成功让我意识到，我其实是比较幸运的人了 能完成这件事
And I'm just happy. I went through that and put that behind me now and just fully focused on CS right, because it could have been I never made it to compete at top Counter-Strike. And I had bad grades, you know, like that would…我很开心。我撑过了那个时期 现在不用想了，全神贯注的在CS上，因为很可能事情是我并没有在CS上登顶，然后也拿了个很糟糕的成绩
but I made both, you know, so I was happy about that. And I think, whatever people want to do in life, if they really believe it's good to have a university degree next to a gaming career, try to make it work	但这两件事情我都做好了，所以我很为自己感到高兴。并且我觉得，无论人们想做什么，如果他们真心相信取得大学学位并成为职业玩家是件值得去做的事，那就尝试并且去做到吧
But at some point, you have to sacrifice something, you cannot… like my family life, and my friendships were fully sacrificed for me to achieve my goals. I could not go out every weekend or hang out with friends	但早晚你都会需要做出牺牲，就比如为了达成我的目标，我的家庭生活，我的朋友交际全部都牺牲掉了。我不能每个周末都出去和朋友玩
So in that period of time, for two years, I was really alone in the scenario of gaming. And then if I didn't game I had to study, right? So sacrifice was made. But in the end, I'm happy where I am today	所以那段时间差不多两年吧，我在这个游戏世界中确实挺孤独的。如果没有在打游戏我就得学习。所以我做了不少牺牲，但最后回头看看，我还是为现在的我而感到高兴的。
Amazing answer. Thank you for that. And this is a question that I think is gonna be really important to young players, just not in China, but around the world	很赞的回答，谢谢你。这个问题我觉得无论是对中国的年轻选手来说还是全世界的年轻选手都挺重要的。
So obviously, CSGO is one of the most popular games in the world. And there's so many dedicated players. But not everybody is lucky enough to become a professional player	CSGO很显然是全世界最火的游戏之一。有很多非常努力勤奋的玩家，但并不是每个人都能有幸可以成为职业选手。
So what are some things that young players can learn from competitive CS, even though they don't become a pro player that these things that they can actually apply to their daily lives	所以 即便最后不成为职业选手 年轻玩家能从竞技CS中学到什么可以运用到日常生活中的事？
Even though you don't make it, you're still a competitive player. You're doing everything you can. One of the things I've learned the most is like I have a goal, okay? Like, this is my dream, how do I there	即便你没能成为职业，你仍然是竞技选手。你做了力所能及的一切，我学到最多的一件事情就是我要有一个目标。好比说这是我的目标，但我如何打到呢？
There’re steps. It’s not like I'm going to be there tomorrow, like, I'm still dreaming about some stuff, and I don't know if I'm gonna achieve it tomorrow or I'm gonna achieve it in three years. Nobody knows, right	这需要分步完成，这不是说我明天就能做到了，我现在仍然会有梦想，也许明天就成功了，也许需要三年时间来完成它，没有人知道。
But I had the dream to be one of the best in-game leaders in the world, took the most teams to the top. And I wake up every morning knowing I can never achieve that dream 100% before I stop,	但我仍然有成为全世界最好的指挥的梦想，带领最多的队伍登顶。每一天早上醒来我都知道 在我退役前我无法百分之百实现这个梦想
so my dream was to win a major for five, six years. Once I win that, then suddenly, I have nothing to wake up to. So I put something above me that would only be like… the community to decide how my career was, I would decide how I feel about my career	所以我想要赢下MAJOR的梦想已经有五六年了。一旦我赢得了它，或许一时之间我也失去了早起努力的目标。所以我指定了一个远超于自己的目标 社区会来评判我的职业生涯怎么样 我会来评判我的生涯怎么样
So all these steps, and there’s obviously a major missing for me to reach that step. Right. That's just part of the journey to where I want to be	所以所有的这些步骤，显然我还缺少一个Major。这就是这趟旅程我最想去到的地方
And I think as a young player, you want to be one of the best players in the world, right? Well, you have steps now. You have to get into the competitive scene. And by doing these steps, I think you can bring that on all your lif	所以我觉得作为年轻选手，你想成为全天下最强的选手。那你现在就有步骤了。你必须要进入这个竞技圈，然后通过完成这些步骤，我觉得你可以受益终生。
Once you get a new work, you work somewhere you want to be the boss of this company. Okay how do I get there? Okay, I have to become a really great worker and never being sick stuff like that, you know	一旦你开始做一份新的工作，你想成为这个公司的老板，那应该如何实现呢？你知道的，我就必须要成为一个好的员工并且永远不要请病假之类的。
And I think you can apply that to everything in life, like you have a dream, and you just have to make sure to put them in steps. Plus, if this is your dream, and you don't have anything that push you closer to that dream, I have that feeling of self-reflection	并且我觉得你可以把这个方式应用到生活中的所有事情，好比你有一个梦想你就是得把它分步完成。此外，如果这个确实是你的梦想，而你没有去做任何让你离梦想更近的事情，就不行，我一直在自我反省
Okay, I did the first step, but it took me half a year to get to a good team. Okay, how do I become top 4 in (?) ranking, okay, that might take two years to get there. But it's still a step in the direction you want to go	好的 我完成了第一步，我花了半年时间来到好队伍。那么我要怎么样成为世界前四呢？可能我需要两年的时间走到那里，但你的方向上永远有一个目标指引着你前进。
And I think that applies to everything in life, basically. And I think that's what young players have to be really aware about	我觉得这是基本上可以应用到生活当中的每一件事的，并且这应该是年轻选手应当知道的东西。
And I think I also see that they have like a dream, they know how to achieve it. They have a working schedule, how to work before the practice starts, after practice	我觉得我也确实看到了一些年轻选手有梦想，他们知道怎么实现它。他们有个工作日程，在练习开始之前，练习结束之后要怎么工作。
And I'm even to this day on applying stuff like that. What do I want to improve on? Okay my movement is not good the last three months, okay, next month, I just surf and I jump around the server lot, one hour every day, right	我甚至直到今天都还是这样安排事情的。我有什么可以改进？我的身法过去三个月不是很棒，那下一个月呢我就着重滑翔 在服务器里多跳跳
Okay, that should be improved. How much? We don't know. But it's a step in the right direction. So yeah, work ethic is key to success in all life, I think	这样一来就能有长进了 能长进多少呢 我也不知道。但这就是正确方向上的一小步，所以工作态度是人生中所有事情能成功的关键。
So set a goal, plan it out, just plan all the different steps and you just start taking them every single day. I think that's something that can be used, anything you d	所以设定目标，作出规划，把计划分成不同的步骤然后每天去完成。我觉得这可以适用于任何事情
Yeah, everything in life. Like if you want to become a big brand of interviewer, okay, you start with small officials, then you sit here with me now, you know, okay, what's next? You don't know where you end, but you also have an idea what your dream is? Right	是的，生活中的所有事。就好像你想成为一个大牌的采访者，那你就得从小比赛采访做起，然后现在你就坐在这采访我了。但接下来呢？你也不知道最后会怎么样，但你大概知道你的梦想是什么样的 对不对
And I think that applies to anyone in any business, any life. And the same in university, right? Do you want to be the best in the class? Okay, how to become the best in the class? Or do I want to be average and pursue another dream next to my university right	我认为这同样适用于任何人任何工作任何人生。大学也是同理。你想成为班上成绩最好的那个吗？那怎么样成为最好呢？或者我只想拿一般的成绩 然后一边大上学一边去追求其他梦想？
as long as you believe in yourself is there. It doesn't matter where this is. It’s gonna take you to a good place in lif	只要你依然相信你自己。不管你在哪里 它都会把你带到一个好的处境
So for young players that are very motivated to get better, what are some things that they should focus on improving every day	那些励志磨砺自己的年轻选手，他们每天需要着重提高什么呢
I think it depends on what player you are. Are you an awper, are you an in-game leader? There’re different roles, right	我觉得这取决于你是什么样的选手，你是狙位吗，是指挥位吗，有很多不同的角色吗毕竟
So, again, put down on paper, if you look at demo of a pro player. Okay, how does he move? How does he understand the game	不过话说回来，讲讲实际的，如果你看一个职业哥的demo，你看他如何行动，怎么去解读游戏
And I think the best way I have learned in my situation, my role is like, understanding why a person did a call in a round	对我来说我最好的学习方式，就是去理解为什么一个人在这一局做了这样的指挥
So I will look at a demo and I’ll understand, why did he do that? There must be a communication, I'll try to guess like, what made that movement? Or that suggestion? Why would he make that call	所以我看demo，我就会思考去理解，为什么他会做这个决策？肯定是和队友有交流的，我会试着去猜想，是什么让他去指挥全队转移了 因为什么征兆 他为什么会做这样的布置？
And very analytical about that, but also self-reflective, that has been my key part. I know when I’ve played a bad game. I don't need to watch it. I know what went wrong in the game	不仅要善于分析，也要多多反思，这是我一直依仗的重要细节。我很清楚一局发挥失常的游戏是怎么样的，我不需要多加回看，我清楚的知道是哪里出了问题
And I think that's what young players need to do. Like they have to grind their way to the top. It's a long road, everybody knows that, right? But you have to keep improving, and not just play to play	我觉得年轻的选手也应该这么做。他们必须狠狠磨砺自己才能成为top。这毕竟是一场漫长的征程嘛，但你必须要一直在提高才行，不能为了玩而玩
I think that's the biggest issues between tier4 to tier2. Tier4 we'll just meet on a practice just to play and chill and have fun	我认为这是4线到2线之间的选手最大的问题。在4线我们就是训练碰个头大家玩玩找乐子那种。
But at some point, fun is a key component (?), but you need the steps before that. You have to understand what you need to improve on	但是同样的，乐趣也是个很重要的部分。但你得跳出舒适区，你要意识到你哪里需要提高
Because if you're the best in your team, well, then you need to join another team. You have to keep coming to a higher level of CS right	因为你如果是队伍里的最强的那个，那你就需要去加入其他的队伍。你要一直提升你参加CS比赛的级别
And I think where most players go off, they want to have fun by playing video games. The second they get competitive, and you lose and you lose and you lose. That's where it’s not fun anymore, right	而且我觉得大多数激情是怎么被磨灭的，他们一开始就是想通过游戏找乐子，然后一开始打比赛的指挥，就输了又输输了又输，然后这游戏就没意思了
But you still have to figure out a way to improve. So for me it's self-reflective, and be analytical about stuff you want to learn and understand the meaning on why people play this position, why they throw this flashban	但你还是要努力摸索出一条提高的途径。我的话就是通过不断地反思，审视自己的学习成果从而理解为什么对方打这个位置，为什么要扔这个闪
there's a lot of key element you can watch in a demo, but also watching yourself is always the best way to improve	一场demo里能看见的许多有价值的信息，同时回过头来看你自己视角也一直是最有效的提高方式
Thank you for that. Do you have any advices for TyLoo or any Asian teams at the moment	感谢，那你现在有什么对天禄或者其他亚洲队伍的建议吗
The situation we are in the world today, and probably also the next year, who knows? What I always admire a lot about the Brazilians was the sacrifice of moving to Europe and living there	我们目前所处的局势很可能会延续到下一年 谁知道呢 我一直很敬佩那些巴西选手就是他们愿意牺牲很多来到欧洲训练生活
Sacrifice time with family, girlfriends, whatever, you know, they put their heart and soul into the game	牺牲了和家人，女朋友在一起的时间，他们是真的把全身心都放在了游戏中
And I wish some of the (Asian) teams would actually fully commit to living in Europe because that's where the level is the highest and if I was a TyLoo player I will tell myself, okay I have a two year contract	所以我也希望能有亚洲队下决心来欧洲驻扎集训，因为那里的竞技水平是世界头一档。如果我是一个天禄队员，我会想，我有个两年的合约
I want to live two years in Europe and invest everything. Family, everything else has to wait. They can come visit me, but I cannot visit them. I need to be here for two years	这两年我就要驻扎在欧洲，倾其所有，无论是家庭还是什么都要靠边站。他们能来看我，但我不能去看他们身上。我要在这里用这两年全力以赴。
Where am I in two years? Am I further? Am I further back? Am I going close to the top? And I think that's where Asian CS has to sacrifice a lot more	在这两年中，每天三省吾身，有无进步，有无退步，有更接近顶级水平吗。所以我觉得在这方面亚洲队伍可能需要牺牲得更多
Plus the practice you guys have, like when you're the best team in Asia, you're not going to learn anything. Once you come to Europe for three weeks boot camp, you probably get smashed the first week because everything is so different	还有就是你们的练习赛，当你是亚洲最好的队伍时，在亚洲打训练赛就不会学到任何东西。一旦你们来到欧洲花个3周集训，你们大概率第一周就会被暴打因为一切完全不同了。
So I think definitely sacrifice, move to Europe, even though maybe the salary is not the highest. Just do it because it's your passion and go back home if it's not the work, the life you want	所以我觉得，要大胆付出，远赴欧洲，尽管可能薪水一般。但是要放开手去试一试，因为这是你的热爱，如果觉得这不是你想要的工作和生活，就回家
Every other comment is asking this and just I have to ask you. So ropz to Faze, is there any ground to it? Anything you can confirm at the moment	大家都在问这个问题，我必须得问你了，ropz转会faze，有眉目了吗？目前为止有什么可靠消息吗？
I mean, me and ropz are good friends, right? But it's his decision where he wants to go. So at this point, I cannot tell anything where he wants to go. We all know ropz has a lot of offers	我和ropz是好朋友。他想去哪这个决定得由他来做，所以目前，对于他的去向我实在无可奉告。我们都知道他是个抢手货。
So it's his own decision where he feels he can win the most trophies. If he gives me a call and says, hey, I'm interested, then I have to figure out what makes sense for us, right	所以这完全取决于他，看他觉得哪里能让他拿更多奖杯。如果他给我打个电话，说嘿，我觉得Faze不错，那到时候我就要去想怎么变动是最好的
I've said multiple times right now we’re a stable top 10 team. It's not good enough. But the last six months, we have been a top 10 team. And I'm not sure what we're missing, where we can push a little mor	我说了很多遍，我们是个稳定的前10名队伍。这还远不够好，但是这过去的6个月以来，我们一直都是前10，但是具体我们还有什么缺陷，哪里还能突破一下极限，这个我还不好说。
For me, broky is a very unique player. He's like, kind of a mix of woxic, with more passive player. Sometimes he’s very, super aggressive, repeeks a lot. Sometimes he's passive	要我看，broky是个很有独特的选手，他融合了woxic的打法和更保守一些的打法。有时极具侵略性，多次反拉。有时就很保守求稳。
And I like that. I think I've tried to push him in a better direction to be more stable. I think one of the issues he has, he was not always super consistent	我很欣赏这点，我觉得我一直在努力让他往更稳健平衡的方向发展。我觉得他有一点得注意就是他之前不是特别稳定
And I think we've seen a consistent level from him now, having a system environment around him how he wants to move. He has a lot of freedom	我现在看他的发挥感觉已经比较稳定了，有一个体系配合着他行动出击，他现在有了不少空间。
I think the strengths he has, he's so fast. Like he's really, really fast and really consistent fast. So I think that's a strength. Mental, I think he’s also getting the experience	我认为他的优势在于他的枪太快了，他这个枪可是非常非常快啊，又快又稳。所以我认为这是一个优势。从心态上，我觉得他也在愈加成熟。
And I think the thing we need to learn is experience, you know, in the high pressure games, and is to stay calm. But that comes with time	我一直觉得经验这种都是是不可或缺的，你懂吗？且要在高压中保持冷静的心态，这些东西都是急不得的。
He's around very experienced coach and in-game leader, and I hope that gives him more and more (?) tournament to play, right	他周围有经验丰富的教练和指挥，我是很希望能让他在这种环境里在更多的大赛中磨砺的。
And yeah, Russell, crispy, mechanics is really good. Communication is really good. But he also has to find what role he is	说到总监，干脆的枪法，个人技术非常好，交流也很顺畅，但他也需要找到属于他的那个角色。
That's one of the things like when I look at the player he is, he can do everything, but then not everything	我观察后在他身上发现，你看他几乎能做所有事，但又做不了所有事
so we're trying to switch around and I think since I came I've given every freedom, every position he wants to perform and I think he's done that as well	所以我们正在尝试把他换到各种位置去，而且自从我来以后我给了他所有的自由度，他想发挥的位置都能满足 他也发挥得很好
So great overall player and happy to have these youngsters with me. And I think they showed a really stable individual level so far and this year, and I think it's gonna get even better next year. I cannot see them drop off because I don't believe they’ve hit their peak yet	总得来说是个非常优秀的选手，也很高兴能有这些年轻人一起在身边。在这一整年中他们展现了很稳定出彩的个人实力，我相信明年将会更出色。我不认为他们的实力会下降，因为我不相信他们已经到达了巅峰
Yeah, he's just super locked in, super motivated -Yeah and that’s thing about him. He works really hard as well, Twistzz. And he’s happy under my leadership, we have a really good working relationship, me and him	对啊，他是真的好专注，动力十足。 -对啊，他就是这样一个人，同时他也十分努力，总监他也很高兴能由我领导。我们两人之间的工作关系很棒。
So everything makes sense you know, I can come to him and say stuff I want him to improve on and he will just work on it instantly. I think that's a very healthy environment to hav	合作非常畅快，我能对他说他哪些地方需要改进，他会立马付诸行动，我觉得这个环境是十分健康的。
Okay, people are saying, hey karrigan we need the kiss, we need a glare, we need a little heart. You know, the things that you do with the camera -yeah sure I can do tha	好了，大家都在说，大表哥亲我，大表哥瞪我，大表哥比个心。你经常对镜头做的动作。-可以 没问题
So whenever you're ready, everybody's asking for a kiss, for a glare, or whatever, anything you’re comfortable wit	大家就等着你的亲亲，爱的注视了，其实啥都行，你觉得可以做的
Let's do this	来吧
Thank you lo	谢谢 哈哈哈哈
Let me just get in on the heart, because I know that we're all doing this in front of our screen right now. This is great. So much love, and you are just such a character. I feel just so inspired by this interview	比心我也加入一下，我知道我们都在屏幕前比心呢。这很棒。都是爱，你真是个特别的人。这个采访我真的受益匪浅
There's so many things that you said that I think that I can take away and use in my daily life	你说的很多事我都可以吸纳并运用到我的生活中
We're about the same age. I've done a lot of different types of work. And now I'm trying to be a good streamer, a good content creator. And there are things that… I'm setting goals, I'm taking the step	我们年纪相仿。我做过很多不一样的工作。我现在正在努力做一个优秀的主播和up主。我也在设定目标，在一步一步地走
and I'm doing those, so thank you. Thank you so much	我也都在去做 所以非常非常感谢你
Thank you for bringing me on here I think it was great, too. You know that's the thing, right? Some idols inspired me. And I've also like, if they can inspire me, I can inspire others	谢谢你邀请我来，我也觉得这次采访很棒。就应该是这样的。我的偶像们激励着我，如果他们能激励我，那我也能激励其他人
it's a privilege that people follow me enough, fans of what I'm doing because literally I'm just playing video games, right? We all know 20 years ago, I played video games, you couldn't tell anyone	我就是单单打个游戏就能有那么多追随我的粉丝，这是我的荣幸。不像二十年前，你玩个游戏都不好意思告诉别人
Now it's a dream job for many people who want to be where I'm at today, right? So, thank you for bringing me on and listening to me	现在这变成一份很多人梦寐以求的工作了。很多人都想站到我这个位置。所以谢谢你给我这个机会，聆听我的想法。
So now let me ask you again, why Counter-Strike? What makes Counter-Strike so special	现在，我再问你一次，为什么选择了CS，它为什么如此特别？
Now, I think the adrenaline was why I started this, running around shooting, then it became strategic, like you can improve, you can do so many small thing	我觉得一开始是肾上腺素（激情）给了我动力， 在游戏里打打杀杀，后来就到战略层面上了。你是可以从中进步的，很多很多的细节
There's something I think about when I'm making new tactics now for the next season. Like, why I never thought about this, you know, because, there's a scenario where people would do a good strat or a tactic you know, okay, how do we adapt to this tactic	我正在为下一个赛季设计一些新的战术。我就会觉得，我为什么从来没想到过这点，当对面采取了一个很好的战略或战术的时候，我就在想我们应该如何应对
So my mind is constantly thinking if it's morning, evening, midday, how do I fix this? Can I fix this flash? I can spend 30 minutes finding a flash and not even using it because in the end it was not good enough. You know	我一直在思考，早上，晚上，中午，我怎么解决这个问题？我可以改进这个闪光吗？我会花三十分钟寻找一个完美的闪光，但最后直接弃用，因为它不够好
I think that's the thing about Counter-Strike that I love the most. It never stops. Counter-Strike is living and it's changing all the time	我觉得这就是我最喜欢CS的地方了 CS从不停歇 CS是有生命的 它一直在变化
And we see NaVi now, why are they the best team? Everybody's watching Navi demos. All in-game leaders are watching Navi demos. What are they doing since they can win so much? Right	为什么现在的NaVi是世界上最好的队伍呢。每个人，包括所有的指挥都在看他们的录像，试图从中发现他们成功的奥秘。
And I love that. You’re like this is the team you want to beat. This is the team. How do we beat them? What do they do good? Can we copy some of that? Can we do it even better	我喜欢这一点。这是你想要击败的对手，就是这个队，我们怎么击败他们？他们哪里做的好？我们可以借鉴过来吗？我们可以做得更好吗？
And I just love it like that's why I love CS like it's not only about shooting. It's a small part of it, a big part sometimes you can't kill but I think Counter-Strike is a lifestyle, is a passion. It's being on the stage and being in the zone, in a cage where you fight the other tea	这就是为什么我热爱CS 枪法只是其中的一小部分，有时你打不死人就变成很大一部分了，但是对于我来说CS是一种生活方式，是一种热爱，是在舞台上，是专心致志在笼子里与对面厮杀
so yeah, passion, never stop thinking about it. Counter-Strike breathes. That's my point of view	热爱，从不停止思考，CS会呼吸，这就是我的想法
Amazing. Thank you so much. All right. Everybody say thank you karrigan, bye karrigan	太棒了，太感谢你了。好的大家说谢谢大表哥，拜拜大表哥
How do you say thank you?	谢谢中文咋说?
Wow your Chinese pronunciation is very good. -My fiancee loves Shanghai. So I’m preparing to get to Shanghai soon	你发音不错嘛 - 我未婚妻很喜欢上海，所以我们可能不久后会来上海
That'd be amazing. Let us know when you get here. And hopefully, you know, next year when COVID dies down, there'll be Funspark, IEM Beijing. Hey, maybe I'll be like an interviewer there. I don't know. We'll see	那太好了。你到上海请务必告知我们。到了明年，疫情有望结束的时候，这边就能有Funspark，IEM 北京的比赛了。说不定到时候我会主持做采访工作呢，让我们拭目以待吧。
Come say hello, then. -Yeah. Well, thank you so much. I'm gonna let you go. I know that you're a very busy man. And please thank Stefan for coordinating -I will. -He's been just super patient with me and just thank you guys. Thank you so much	到时候来打招呼。-非常感谢你，我不再耽误你了，我知道你很忙。同时也请谢谢Stefan做的协调工作。-我会的。 -他对我十分有耐心，非常感谢