You see this	看到了吗？

Yeah I see this I see thi	看到了，看到了

We're just going crazy over here.I hope you know just how popular you are.You are one of the most iconic players of all time	在这里，我们简直要疯了。希望你知道自己有多受欢迎。你是有史以来最具代表性的玩家之一。

Yeah, I've been in China.And I've seen...The Chinese people are really expressive and I like that about the	是啊，我来过中国。而我见过。。。华夏人很有表现力，我就喜欢这样

Yeah, you were here in 2019 right, for Chinajoy	是啊，2019年的时候，你也来了吧？

I was there ChinaJoy.I was in Asia Championship in 2020.And I did WESG.WESG was really amazing as well	我在华夏乐。“2020年参加亚洲杯。还有WESG。WESG也很厉害。

So our first official question, I don't want you to answer right away, I want you to keep it in the back of your head.And then I'm going to ask you again at the end of this - Okay,
所以我们的第一个正式问题，我不想让你马上回答，我想让你留在脑后。最后我再问你一遍——好，

Why Counter Strike?What makes Counter Strike so special?-mhm	为什么是反击？是什么让反击如此特别？-嗯嗯

What is your daily training routine?And what are some of your favorite training maps	你的日常训练是什么？你最喜欢的训练地图是什么？

A lot of people like to do deathmatch on mirage.I’m more into dust2, pretty much old school	很多人都喜欢在幻境中进行死战。我更喜欢灰尘，差不多是老派了。

I play some aim_botz as well, then when it comes to practice, practicing with the team of course, when I have one..	“我也玩点靶，然后在练习上，当然是和队伍一起练习，有的话。。。

But afterwards play some pugs for me mostly FPL, because FPL is where the pro players gather together to play against each other	但后来给我玩的，大多是FPL，因为FPL是职业选手们聚在一起的游戏。

So I think it's really nice to develop your confidence, develop your skill in general, and your communicatio	所以我觉得，培养自信，培养综合技能，培养沟通能力，是一件很好的事情

So how do you divide training your awp with your rifles and pistols, other weapons	那么，用步枪、手枪等武器训练锥子，该怎么分配？

I mean in deathmatch you get to play with pistols, you get to play with ak, rifle, and awp.So I'm trying to have a little bit of all of the weapons in order to warm u	我的意思是，在死战中，你可以玩手枪，可以玩AK、步枪、锥子。“所以，我试着把所有的武器都准备好一点，以便热身。

And not only to warmup.Deathmatch is not only for warm up, but also to keep some kind of consistency.You kno	不仅仅是热身。死斗，不仅仅是热身，更是为了保持某种一致性。你知道的

If you’re consistent to your routine, you might be consistent in game as well	如果你的习惯是一致的，那么在游戏中，你可能也是一致的。

But when it comes to awp practicing, I'm not into practicing awp, you know what I'm saying?I warm up with it.I play with it in deathmatch, and I play with it in games and stuff	但是在练习锥子的时候，我不会练习锥子，你知道我在说什么吗？我用它热身。死斗的时候玩，游戏的时候玩。

But I think that the most valuable practice you can get is to just play the game, you know, like play the game, play pugs, play FACEIT, play practice, and the kind of things you know,
但我认为你能得到的最有价值的练习就是玩游戏，你知道的，就像玩游戏，玩虫子，玩FACEIT，玩练习，还有你知道的那种东西，

The more time you are on your PC playing the game, the better you will be, and that's also related to your confidence, you know,
你在电脑上玩游戏的时间越长，你的状态就越好，这也和你的自信有关，

You will perform better.You should perform better, you get confidence.Once you get confidence, you get better	你会表现的更好。你要表现的更好，你要有信心。有了信心，就会好起来。

Yeah that's interesting, because when I interviewed syrsoN, I was like, Hey, how do you practice your scout?And he's like yeah I don't really practice it.Like I just play it	是啊，很有意思，因为我采访西索·N的时候，我会说：喂，你是怎么训练你的球探的？而他就像是，我不太练习。就好像我只是在玩一样。

-yeah -It's kinda the same thing as what you said	“是啊，和你说的差不多。

This is a very popular question.Why is your awp called the Magic Stick?And why did you pick the Asiimov skin	这是一个很热门的问题。你的锥子怎么叫魔棒？为什么要摘阿西莫夫的皮？

The Asiimov skin, it’s been a long time I decided out of that	阿西莫夫的皮肤，我已经决定很久了。

I think it was back in 2014 the skins were like, they keep coming out, new skins new skins,
我想应该是在2014年的时候，皮肤就像，不断地出现，新的皮肤，新的皮肤，

And it happened that the first AWP I really liked out of the skins was the Asiimov	而我最喜欢的第一个AWP，就是阿西莫夫。

At that time I was the...I've been considered the best player of the world	那时的我。。。我已经算是世界上最好的球员了。

I've seen that people were really like excited about my game style and awping	“我看到了，大家对我的游戏风格和风格都很兴奋。

so I really tried to make something good and fun out of it	“所以，我真的很想从中做点好东西。

And I myself picked the name magic stick.I don't really know why.I don't really remember why	而我自己，也选择了这个名字。不知道为什么。“不记得了。

But yeah, I think it was mostly due to the fact that I have a really different game style from all the awpers that we've seen back then	“不过是啊，我想主要是因为我的游戏风格和我们之前见过的那些变态完全不同。

I mean, nowadays we see a lot more awpers that play my way, but back then, it was really a new thing for people and players in general to have an awper that plays awp like that, like a shotgun	我的意思是，现在我们看到了更多的锥子玩我的方式，但在当时，有一个锥子玩得像散弹枪一样的锥子，对于人们和玩家来说，真的是一件新鲜事。

I really tried to make my game style unique, you know?So I choose the magic.Because everybody likes magic, you know, it's things that are really entertaining	我真的想让我的游戏风格与众不同，你知道吗？所以我选择了魔法。因为大家都喜欢魔法，你知道的，这是很有趣的事情。

That is really making the show you know, and that's, that's literally fitting the way I see awping and the game in general	这才是真正的表演，这才是我所看到的，也是整个游戏的风格。

like for example I’ve always been really comfortable on stage because this is where I feel the best.This is where I feel like I can entertain people the most, you know	就像在舞台上，我一直都很舒服，因为这是我感觉最好的地方。这就是我觉得最能娱乐人的地方。

So I think it's a mix of entertainment.It's a mix of my game style.It's a mix of also what I wanted to describe with that, you know	“所以我觉得这是一种娱乐。混合了我的游戏风格。这也是我想说的，你知道吗？

So that's why I ended up calling it the magic stick	所以我才叫它魔棒。

What are some of the most important mental qualities that a good awper must have?And what are some skills that players of all levels can work on to become a better awper	一个好东西，最重要的心理素质是什么？而什么技能是所有等级的玩家都能练成的？

As an awper you have a very important role in your team.You will be the one that would be moving the most in the map.So you need your communication to be perfect	作为一个锥子，你在你的队伍中扮演着非常重要的角色。你将是地图上移动最快的人。所以你需要完美的沟通。

You need your communication to be like, I'm rotating, this is open, I'm gonna take this, that angle is open, like communicating everything you have and everything you don’t have at this point	你需要你的沟通，就像，我在旋转，这是开放的，我要拿着这个，那个角度是开放的，就像沟通你现在拥有的一切，还有你现在没有的一切。

Proactivity, mobility, communication, these 3 things are really important for an awper I think	主动、行动、沟通，这三样东西，对一个变态来说，实在是太重要了。

Can you repeat the question please?I forgot hah	请你重复一遍？忘了，哈哈

Especially in competition in the game, you always need to stay composed.And that's not only included for the awper.It’s for the whole team you know.If a player goes down, he's gonna take the team with him	尤其是游戏中的比赛，总是要保持镇定。而这，不仅仅是锥子。是为了全队。如果有人倒下了，他会带着队伍一起倒下。

It's normal.Doesn't matter who that is.I think it's about always having a positive approach of things, which is not an easy thing to do.Definitely stay composed, when we play video games, the more frustrated you get, the worse you get	很正常。不管是谁。“我觉得就是要有积极的态度，这可不是一件容易的事情。一定要保持冷静，玩游戏的时候，越憋屈越难受。

So this is a question that a lot of people want to ask you.So what is your plan for 2022?And is there any truth in you forming a new team with AMANEK, because there's a lot of rumors.Is there anything that you can confirm with us right now	原来这是很多人都想问的问题。那么你对2022年的计划是什么？而你和阿马尼克组成一支新的球队，有什么道理，因为有很多传闻。有什么可以确定的吗？

There is always a lot of rumors.I can't confirm anything.I've said that I wanted to play CS.I’m at a position where I'm just trying to play CS	谣言总是很多。无法确认。我说过，我要玩CS。“我在玩CS的时候。

I’m just trying to have people to play CS with, that kind of things you know.If it doesn't work, it doesn't work.If I don't find anyone, if nothing happens, nothing happens you know	我只是想让人来玩CS，你知道的。不行，不行。找不到人，没事就没事。

There’s a lot of things I can still do.I can still go to Valorant.I can still be a content creator like I've been the last few months, which is something I also really enjoy doing	还有很多事情可以做。“我还是可以去勇士。“我还能像前几个月一样，做一个内容创造者，这也是我很喜欢做的事情。

But yeah, obviously my main objective is to play CS right now.But I don't have the answers for your question yet, honestly	当然，我现在的主要目标，当然是CS。但老实说，你的问题我还没有答案。

What is your relationship with shox like?And what are your thoughts on shox going to Liquid	你和肖克斯是什么关系？而你对shox去液体的想法呢？

we spend a lot of time together, talking, and that kind of things.I'm really happy for him.I definitely think that he's a valuable piece of of success in the team.He is even better than he used to be.Because he grew up obviously like everyone	我们在一起的时间很长，聊着聊着。我很为他高兴。“我绝对认为，他是球队的一个有价值的成功。他比以前更强了。因为他当然是和大家一样长大的。

I just wish him the best, you know, like, his new challenge is not going to be an easy one.It is the first time he's gonna play in an international team as well.So yeah, that's, that's a big challenge	我只是祝福他，你知道，他的新挑战可不是那么容易的。他也是第一次加入国际球队。是啊，这是一个大挑战。

But I think it's really nice for a player that is put into the team as an “old” player, you know, it's always nice for an old player to get new challenges, in order to get your motivation pretty high	但是我觉得，作为一个“老”选手加入战队，真的很不错，你知道的，老选手能有新的挑战，总是很不错的，这样你的动力才会很大。

When you are at that age, and you spend like three, four years in the same org, same team and stuff.Sometimes it happens that like you just do something new, you know, and I think something new is really great for him and I wish him nothing but the best	当你到了这个年龄，在同一家机构，同一支队伍里，度过了三四年的时光。有时候，就好像你只是做了一些新的事情，我觉得新的事情对他来说真的很好，我只希望他最好。

I just think he's going to succeed.I think people will realize really quickly the impact he can have on the team	我只是觉得，他会成功的。“我想人们会很快意识到他对球队的影响。

What was the key factor that led you to make up your mind to pursue CSGO even at tier two, instead of switching to Valorant	到底是什么因素让你在二阶的时候，就决定要追求CSGO，而不去追求勇者？

Well, I think the Major has led to the decisions and then the direction I took.After the Major I decided to be like...Damn CS is amazing.I just want to play it	“嗯，我想，是少校决定了，然后是我的方向。少校之后，我决定。。。该死的CS，太厉害了。我只想玩。

And a few days after I decided to stick to CS I have G2 coming to me and telling me that Nexa cannot travel to Sweden for IEM Winter so it was an extra boost.It was super fun	而就在我决定坚守CS的几天之后，G2又来找我，告诉我Nexa不能去瑞典参加IEM冬之旅，那是额外的助力。超级好玩。

But then after IEM Winter, things became really complicated because the disappointment from the team and myself was really, really, really huge	但是在IEM冬季之后，事情变得非常复杂，因为团队和我的失望，真的，真的，真的很大。

Because we lost the tournament that we should have won.So everyone was really disappointed	因为我们输掉了本该赢的比赛。所以大家都很失望。

But yeah, and then after IEM, I took a few days.And I was like, what do I do?And I wanted to play CS.So I just played CS.You know what I'm saying	是啊，然后在IEM之后，我又过了几天。我说，怎么办？我也想玩CS。所以我就玩CS。你知道我在说什么吗？

So what was your impression of TyLoo when you played against them at IEM Winter	那么，你在IEM冬季的比赛中，对他们的印象是什么？

I think TyLoo might need to maybe spend more time in Europe, with European people in general, to understand the culture of CS we have here in Europe	“我觉得，土豪或许需要多花点时间在欧洲，和一般的欧洲人一起，了解一下我们在欧洲的CS文化。

I think they should mix things up, and try to get that European perspective, or even that North American perspective	“我觉得，他们应该把事情搞混，搞清楚欧洲的观点，甚至是北美的观点。

And maybe stick to the vision they have, you know, and open it up a bit more	或许，还是按照他们的设想，再打开一点。

There are many Chinese players that are really talented.As an Asian player, I know he's not Chinese, but BnTeT, for example.He's one of the few players that ended up being on a tier1 team	华夏区的玩家，也有不少才俊。“作为一名亚洲球员，我知道他不是中国人，而是一个中国人。他是为数不多的一线队玩家。

And, and yeah, I would just like to see more curiosity around the Chinese team, because they definitely have the potential	“还有，对了，我只是想看看，中国队的人会有多大的好奇心，因为他们肯定有潜力。

What are some of your advices for young players who want to get really good at the game?And what are some things that they can work on every day	对于那些想要在比赛中发挥出真正优势的年轻球员，你有什么建议？还有，他们每天都能做些什么？

Well, for my experience of this year, I played a lot of pugs, which means that I played against a lot of ambitious young players	嗯，以我这一年的经验来看，我打了很多八哥，也就是说，我打了很多野心勃勃的年轻球员。

but when it comes to reaction, when it comes to communication, when it comes to understanding the environment, and understanding what's going on around you, they are totally zero	但在反应上，在交流上，在了解环境上，在了解周围的情况上，完全是零。

And I think that young players should not only consider the skill aspects.In order to actually play in tier 1, you need to have your brain like made for CS	而我认为，年轻玩家不应该只考虑技能方面。要想真正的玩一阶，就必须要有CS的头脑。

You need to have your eye on the radar, you need to communicate everything you do and see, you need to consider your teammates, and always try to bring them with you	你需要关注雷达，你需要沟通你所做的一切，你需要看到的一切，你需要考虑到你的队友，并且总是带着他们。

You need to react to the information your teammates gives, what the map actually gives, you know, like you have the radar you see the spots, you see the people where they are	你需要对队友给出的信息做出反应，地图到底给出了什么，你知道，就像你有雷达一样，你看到了地点，你看到了人。

If I had an advice, it would be to really focus two aspects, like the game aspects and the communication aspects and how to play as a team	“如果有什么建议的话，那就是把重点放在两个方面，比如游戏方面，沟通方面，以及如何组队。

So do you encourage these young players to go out and try to find a team or find like four friends so they can just play together all the time	那么你是鼓励这些年轻选手出去找队，还是找四个朋友一起玩呢？

Definitely.Like when I play Valorant, I was playing alone.Everytime I was playing alone in ranked and I saw a good player.I add him and I play with him.You know what I'm saying	当然。就像我玩勇者的时候，我是一个人玩的。每一次我一个人在排位赛中，都看到了一个优秀的选手。我加他，我陪他玩。你知道我在说什么吗？

So you do that once, twice, three times, you almost make a team you know?As soon as you have a consistent group of people to play with, it's gonna be much easier to improve on those aspect	这么说，一次，两次，三次，你都快成队了？只要有一群人配合，这些方面就容易多了

If you could travel back in time.What would you say to yourself when you first started playing competitive CS	如果能回到过去的话。当你开始玩CS的时候，你会怎么说？

Ummm, I don't know.I don't know if I would have told me that at the time because I was really young.And when you are really young, you are stupid anyway	嗯，不知道。我当时不知道会不会告诉我，因为我太年轻了。而当你真的很年轻的时候，你就是愚蠢的。

So maybe a little bit later I would’ve said that, just because things have been easy that it will always be easy	所以，或许再过一会儿，我就会这么说了，因为一切都很简单，一切都很简单。

First of all, because that's one of the things that happened to me is that I had a really, really fast ascension.And I became and I won a lot of things really quickly as well, as a really young player.So that doesn't help for your future, you kno	首先，因为发生在我身上的一件事，就是我的进阶非常非常之快。而我，作为一个真正的年轻选手，也很快赢得了很多东西。所以这对你的未来没有帮助

I would have told myself, okay, you are aware of those things.You are aware that it’s going to hurt you.And you really need to do something about it because you have no idea how much is going to hurt you	我会告诉自己，好吧，你知道的。你知道，它会伤害你。而且，你真的需要做点什么，因为你不知道会有多大的伤害。

So I think making the young me realize the things that happened to me.I knew that I was not doing things right.I knew that things were too easy.I knew that there was a lot of things I should have done better	所以，我想让年轻人意识到，发生在我身上的事情。我知道自己做的不对。我就知道，事情太简单了。我知道，还有很多事情我应该做的更好。

I knew that.Even when I was not doing them I knew it you know, but there is a difference between knowing and realizing and be aware of what's going on	我就知道。就算不做，我也知道，你知道，但知道和认识，还有区别。

And be aware that you’re really doing things bad for yourself, you know?And I am right now, you know, I would probably not have said anything, just like slapped mysel	要知道，你真的在为自己做坏事？而我现在，你知道，我大概不会说什么，就像打自己一样

I want to talk to you about something lighthearted.Do you have any idea what your nickname is in China	我想和你谈谈一些轻松的事情。你知道你在中国的外号是什么吗？

Yes and no.I mean, I forgot, unfortunately.And I want to come back for sure.And Shanghai is definitely one of the best cities I've ever been to and I spent the most good time there.But no, I actually forgot	是和不是。我的意思是，我很遗憾的忘记了。而我，一定要回来。而魔都，绝对是我去过的最好的城市之一，也是我在那里度过的最美好的时光。但不，我竟然忘记了。

Yeah, there's basically two.One is K shen which is like God K. -ah q	是啊，基本上有两个。一个是神K，神K。

K is for Kenny and shen is God, but our favorite one is K bao.And bao means something precious.You know, something that's like a treasure, that's very dear to us.So K bao is like precious 	K是给肯尼的，申是上帝，但我们最喜欢的是包。而包，则是一件珍贵的东西。你知道的，宝贝一样的东西，对我们来说很珍贵。所以，包包就像珍贵的K

That's a really amazing name, not gonna lie.That's a lot of honor for me.That’s way too much honor for me, honestly	这是一个很了不起的名字，不会说谎。这对我来说，是莫大的荣耀。这对我来说，实在是太荣耀了。

I mean, I've told you like, I've been in China a couple of times.I know I have a big fan base in the world.And I've always been liked as a player, but in China has always been different	我是说，我跟你说过，我来过中国好几次。“我知道，我在这个世界上有很大的粉丝群。而我，一直都是一个很受欢迎的球员，但在中国，却总是与众不同。

Okay, I have the best way with fans in China.I swear to God	好吧，我有中国球迷最好的办法。我对天发誓。

And I will always remember leaving the stadium, seeing all these people following me to the bus, and keep following me while I’m in the bus, and it’s driving you know	而我永远都记得离开赛场，看到这么多人跟着我上了车，我在车里一直跟着我，你知道的。


I'm a big fan of Asian food.-What's your favorite type of Asian food	“我是亚洲美食的大粉丝。——你最喜欢的亚洲食物是什么？

I mean, the noodles in general.I like pasta.Pasta and noodles, you know, it's two different things	我是说，一般的面条。我喜欢意大利面。面食和面条，你知道，是两码事。

I like the fact that you have a lot of spicy things, you know.I like the... what’s the... the buns?You know the steam buns like the Baozi	我喜欢你有很多辣的东西。我喜欢......什么......包子？你知道包子这种包子吗？

It's like a dumpling, but like a round dumpling – yeah exactl	像饺子，又像圆饺子——没错

And I got lucky to have found some friends in China as well.So I've been to a lot of good restaurants you know where there is a lot of things to eat.Most of the things in China is so good.So good.So good.So good	“幸运的是，我在中国也找到了一些朋友。“所以我去过很多好的餐厅，你知道哪里有很多东西吃。华夏区的大部分东西，都是那么的好。太好了。太好了。太好了。

All right.Amazing.Well, when COVID is over, man, we will be here.-Ah, yeah, I would love to go back to China	好吧。厉害。等COVID结束了，我们就到了。“嗯，嗯，我很想回华夏。

Where are you going for your vacation?Maldives.-Maldives.Nice.I haven't bee	你要去哪里度假？马尔代夫。——马多夫。不错。我没去过

Well, have fun, and it's almost Chinese New Year.Could you give us a Happy Chinese New Year in Chinese?I'll try to teach you how to say it	好好玩，快过年了。你能用中文给我们一个兴欣新年吗？我教你怎么说。

Yeah, tell me.tell me what to say	是啊，告诉我。告诉我该说什么。

That's pretty good.Thank you so much.-that’s good?-Happy Chinese New Year to you too.Everybody say thank you Kenn	不错。谢谢。-很好？——祝你新年快乐。大家都说谢谢肯尼

And now we have a very special surprise for you.-oh a surpris	而现在，我们有一个非常特别的惊喜。-哦，惊喜

It’s from a good friend of yours.It's a little video that I'm going to translate for you.-Oka	是你的好朋友。这是一个小视频，我给你翻译。·好

You ready?-Yes, sir	准备好了吗？-是，长官。

Haha qz, my ma	哈哈qz，我的男人

It’s your good friend qz -yeah qz is a really good friend.-hopefully everything is going well for you, and when COVID is over, I will be here	是你的好朋友qz，是啊qz，真是个好朋友。“希望你一切顺利，等COVID结束，我会来的。

That's what he said?-Yep.-Yeah I talk to him on Wechat pretty often.He told me the same thing.I know I’ll always be welcome in China with friends like him.I know that.I appreciate it.Thank you qz.Miss you my br	这么说？-是的。“是啊，我在微信上跟他聊过不少。他也是这么说的。我知道，在中国，我会一直受到他这样的朋友的欢迎。我知道。谢谢。谢谢qz。想念你，兄弟

So why do you still use the MX 518 mouse	为什么还要用MX518鼠标？

When it comes to me, I really don't like to change because I will never link my perfomances to my settings, or the things I use, okay	说到我，我真的不喜欢改变，因为我不会把我的表现和我的设定，或者我使用的东西联系起来，好吗？

And it happens that I don't change.So I played in my life with two mouse, okay?Which means that I started my life my player, my gaming life with the MX518.It was my first mouse, I think for Christmas back then	而我却没有改变。所以我这辈子就玩两只老鼠好不好？也就是说，我用MX518开启了我的玩家生活，我的游戏生活。这是我的第一只鼠标，我想是为了圣诞节。

And then I kept it till I joined my first professional team that was sponsored by Razer back then.So I had to play with the Razer Deathadder, which I also really loved a lot	然后我一直留着，直到我加入了当年雷泽赞助的第一支职业球队。所以我要玩雷泽天梯，我也很喜欢。

And I kept it till I joined G2.And G2 signed Logitech.So we had to play with the Logitech mouse.So what happened is that they released that new MX518	我一直留着，直到加入G2。G2签下了罗技。所以我们只能玩罗技鼠标了。原来是发布了新的MX518。

I mean, it's a very old mouse, but they made new capture	我的意思是，它是一只很老的老鼠，却又被抓了回来？

So I went back to the things I know.But yeah, I know that it’s really old school and things, but I've played with that mouse for a really long time, so I don't see the issue	于是我又回到了自己知道的事情。不过是啊，我知道那是很古老的学校和东西，但我玩那只鼠标已经很久了，没什么问题。

So what is your biggest regret in your career so far	那么到目前为止，你职业生涯中最大的遗憾是什么？

Before G2 I never stayed in an organization for so long.I never stayed more than one or two years in an organization, you know.So like, when you have new challenges, every two years, every year, you get like new motivation boost, if it makes sense, you know	在G2之前，我从未在一个组织呆过这么久。你知道，我在一个组织呆过一两年。所以，当你遇到新的挑战时，每隔两年，每隔一年，你就会得到一种新的动力，你知道吗？

And when I look back at my career, I'm like, yeah, that sucks.I wasn’t motivated enough.And it sucks I didn’t work enough.And in the end, that’s regrets, you kno	而当我回顾自己的职业生涯时，我会觉得，是啊，很糟糕。我不够动力。而且很糟糕，我的工作还不够。最后，那就是遗憾

I'm not looking for excuses, but like, if I didn't do it, what would make me do it?You kno	我不是在找借口，但是，如果我不这么做，我为什么要这么做呢？你知道的

and what would have made me do it would maybe be like, playing with new people, new organization, just see new things, you know, because I'm really curious person, and I get bored really fast and things	而让我这么做的，或许就是玩新人，玩新组织，看新事物，因为我是一个很好奇的人，我很快就会觉得无聊。

So I need to keep searching what I want to do and stuff.And as soon as I end up finding something new, figure it’s fun and I enjoy it more, I just keep motivated.I just keep the motivation like that you know	“所以，我需要继续寻找我想要做的事情。而一旦有了新的发现，觉得很好玩，也很享受，我就会保持动力。我就是这样保持动力。

I joined the best team in the world I was 15.I became the best player in the world when I was 18.And I won the Major when I was 20	我15岁的时候加入了世界上最好的球队。“我十八岁的时候，就成了世界上最好的球员。而我在二十岁的时候，获得了少校军衔。

Things happen really quickly.And I always felt that my talent will be enough.Even when players like NIKO and s1mple arrived, they were not like better than me at all, you know, like I was the big guy at the time, you know	事情发生的很快。而我一直觉得，我的天赋足够了。就算是像NIKO和s1mple这样的玩家来了，他们也不比我强多少，你知道，就好像我是那个时候的大人物一样？

And then they just worked, worked, worked, get better years after years.And here they are now, you know, and well, that's something I should have done myself	然后，他们只是努力，努力，努力，一年又一年的进步。而现在，你知道，这是我应该做的。

At some point, you probably know yourself when you reach a certain age, every year, every time every year, more difficult.And there are more things, a lot of things happening	到了某个时候，你大概就知道自己的年龄了，一年又一次，一年又一次，越来越难。还有更多，更多的事情发生。

When you are 18 nothing happens to your life, like nothing.You meet a girl, that’s it.You know, like, life is very simple at the time.But then life gets harder, you know	18岁的时候，你的生活就像什么都没有发生。你遇到了一个女孩，就这样。你知道，就像，当时的生活很简单。但是，生活却变得越来越艰难？

Well, thank you for that.That was very heavy, but I could just feel the maturity.I feel like you're definitely a much more mature person now.And I hope that it reflects inyour performance	嗯，谢谢。这很沉重，但我能感觉到成熟。我觉得，你现在绝对是一个成熟多了。希望能体现在你的表现上。

So yeah, let's move on to the next, I don't want to hold you for too long.And just this is this is gonna be a very special segment because I'm going to read some of the messages that your Chinese fans have for you	好吧，接下来，我不想抱你太久。而这只是一个非常特殊的环节，因为我要给你们的中国球迷看一些信息。

Hi, Kenny.I fell in love with Counter-Strike from watching frag movies.And your plays were the ones that I remembered the most, like your courage to do no scopes and do quick flicks is so unique	嗨，肯尼。我爱上了《反击战》。而你的剧本，是我记忆中最深刻的，比如你没有瞄准镜，没有快速动作的勇气。

And I feel really bad that I didn't get to watch you when you're at your peak.If possible, I would like to see you back at your peak again.I'm always going to support you	而在你巅峰的时候，没有看到你，我真的很难过。如果可能的话，我希望你能回到巅峰。我永远支持你。

and you as a player, always want to mark generation, you know, and I definitely did mark a generation or two	而你，作为一名玩家，一直都想着标记一代，你知道，我肯定是标记了一两代。

But, the generation keeps coming, keeps coming, you know, and I wish I could destroy them, you know, but, you know, like, it's a long process, things are really different nowadays	可是，一代又一代，一代又一代，你知道的，我真希望能灭掉他们，你知道的，但是，你知道的，这是一个漫长的过程，现在的不一样了。

This is really linked to what we just talked before, you know, like building confidence again, something like building myself as a player again	这和我们之前说过的有很大的关系，比如重新树立信心，比如重新培养自己。

It's a long process.I definitely want to...I mean, even nowadays my game style is really different from everyone.And the way I shoot is very different, that I know.So I will always be able to entertain people	这是一个漫长的过程。我一定要。。。我的意思是，就算是现在，我的游戏风格，也和大家不一样。而我的射击方式，就不同了。所以，我总能让人开心。

because once again, we talked about me being a bit lazy, taking things for granted, but I still worked really hard in my in my life, you know?But yeah, I hope I will be able to show it to them.I hope so.I’m working for that anyway	因为又一次，我们说我有点懒，把事情当回事，但是我这一辈子还是很努力的，你知道吗？不过，我希望能给他们展示一下。希望如此。反正我也是为这个工作的。

Yeah, there's just so many messages like this: some people think your time has passed.But we all know how much potential you still have, like what you once could do, you can do it again	是啊，就是这么多的信息，有人觉得你的时代已经过去了。但我们都知道，你还有多大的潜力，就像你曾经能做的那样，你可以再做一次。

Just don't forget that you have our love and support, regain the confidence you once had.Pick up your awp and clear out every enemy that appears in your scope.This guy wrote it in English	别忘了，你有我们的爱和支持，重新找回曾经的自信。拿起锥子，将出现在视野中的敌人一一扫荡。这家伙是用英文写的。

That's good.That’s good	很好。很好。

This is a good one, too.In my eyes, you're always going to be that eight year old kid who won a Counter-Strike tournament.You are the King of Inferno.I really hope you can keep competing and keep writing your legend	这也不错。在我看来，你永远都是那个八岁的小子，赢了一场反击战。你是烈焰之王。真希望你能继续比赛，继续写你的传奇。

Yeah that’s really nice.That’s what a real fan would sound	是啊，真好。这才是真正的粉丝。

This one's from a female fan of yours.Ooh.She says the first time I play CSGO is because my boyfriend at the time showed me a kennyS frag movie.And I just fell in love with the way you play	这是你的女粉丝。哦。“她说，我第一次玩CSGO，是因为我当时的男朋友给我看了一部肯尼·斯脆片。而我却爱上了你的打法。

And then I just kept working on my sniping skills.And now I'm working I don't really play CS anymore.But now whenever there's a new highlight of you I would still watch it and hopefully everything goes well for you	然后我就一直在练习狙击术。而现在，我已经不玩CS了。但是现在，每当你有新的亮点，我都会看着，希望一切都能顺利。

and just be careful, be healthy, be happy.This is from a female fan	小心，健康，快乐。这是一个女粉丝。

That's very nice of you.That kind of comments is the best.I swear to god.Like they're really simple wishing me good stuff.It's not the kind of pressure message or anything	你真是太好了。这样的评价，是最好的。我对天发誓。就好像很简单的祝福一样。不是什么压力信息。

It’s fully positive.Thank you very much.And I hope you're going to be healthy and good in your life as well.Thank you	完全肯定。非常感谢。我希望你的生活也能健康、美好。谢谢。

Oh this is a really good one.I'm gonna read the Chinese to you first because it's so beautiful -yeah sure	哦，这个很不错。“我先给你念中文，因为它太漂亮了。

I did not come to worship you at your peak.I will also not turn my back and leave you at your low	我不是来崇拜你的。我也不会背弃你。

I hope you live a healthy and happy life.Whatever you choose to do next, I believe in you	祝你健康快乐。接下来的选择，我相信你。

That is a good message.Thank you man.– that’s a true fan right there	这是个好消息。谢谢你。——这才是真正的粉丝。

that’s all I can say.Thank you very much.I mean that's the best you can expect, having people be there at your highest but also following you and supporting you when you are in a tough spot	我爱你，只能这么说了。非常感谢。我的意思是，这是你所能预料到的最好的情况，在你最高的时候，有人在那里，但在你遇到困难的时候，也跟着你，支持你。

And there is a lot of people that take advantage of those situations.But just seeing genuine people like that is pretty great.Thank you for that message.Thank you	而利用这种情况的人很多。不过看到这样的人，也是不错的。谢谢你的留言。谢谢。

Hi Kenny.I got into CS pretty late, but I'm really moved by your motivation, willpower and perseverance.You are a genius at the game.But it's your perseverance that inspires me to overcome obstacles in my own life	嗨，肯尼。我进入CS的时间很晚，但我真的被你的动力、毅力和毅力所打动。你是游戏中的天才。但正是你的毅力，激励着我去克服自己生活中的障碍。

No matter which team you're in, what you decide to do this year.I'm always gonna support you	不管你在哪支球队，今年你决定做什么。我永远支持你。

Thank you.Thank you.You should give me the names as well	谢谢。谢谢。你也把名字给我。

Oh yeah, unfortunately I don't -you don’t have the names?- I got literally hundreds, thousands of messages so I just picked out... but they're all watching right now.So they know who they are	对了，可惜我没有——你没有名字？-我收到了几百条，上千条的消息，所以才选了出来......但他们都在看。原来他们知道自己是谁。

It’s hard to answer to that, it’s just straight to the chest, you know	这很难回答，直接就到了胸口。

One last message, I just want to tell you you’re my favorite no matter what is ahead and we will never forget what you have achieved as an individual and brought to us fans	最后一条消息，我只想告诉你，无论未来发生什么，你都是我最喜欢的人，我们永远不会忘记，你作为一个个人，所取得的成就，带给我们的球迷。

I hope u understand how much it meant to us when you stepped onto top tier stage again and that Inferno game against Vitality was just the perfect proof u should continue to pursue CSGO	希望你能明白，当你再次登上巅峰的时候，对我们意味着什么，烈火城对抗体质，就是你继续追求CSGO的最好证明。

We love you and are looking forward to seeing you again!Let it be streams, Major, pro league, we will follow u wherever you go	我们爱你，期待着再见到你！就当是流，大，职业联赛，你去哪里，我们就跟着你去哪里。

I wasn’t expecting to get my eyes wet.These messages are really fking cute man.I swear to god.Thank you very much man.I wish you the best for your career and success as well.Thank you	没想到，我的眼睛都湿了。这些消息，实在是太帅了。我对天发誓。非常感谢。祝你事业成功。谢谢。

Before we go, let me ask you again, why Counter-Strike?What makes Counter-Strike so special	走之前，我再问你一次，为什么要反击？反击有什么特别？

Well, all of that, makes it special.I’m literally special to people because of Counter-Strike.You write these amazing messages because of what I’ve done in Counter-Strike.So Counter-Strike gave me everything	嗯，这一切，都很特别。“因为反击，所以我对人很特别。你写这些精彩的留言，都是因为我在反击中的所作所为。所以反击给了我一切。

And I feel like it’s not over, you know.And of course, the Major, I’ve played on stages at CS, and there’s nothing alike.There’s nothing like coming to CSGO stages	而且，我觉得还没有结束。当然了，少校，我在CS台上玩过，没什么相似的。没有什么比来CSGO更好的了。

There’re other stages, other games, but it’s not the same.It’s not the same	还有其他的阶段，其他的游戏，但都不一样。不一样。

I’ve been watching Valorant events, really good, really amazing, I like the game, really cool.There stage was amazing.But there’s nothing like CS	“我一直都在看勇者大赛，很好，很厉害，我喜欢游戏，很酷。舞台很精彩。但没有CS。

There’s nothing like the crowd reaction.There’s nothing like the tension of a tough, tight game.There’s nothing like the highlight of a player.There’s nothing like the floor shaking when you enter the stage	没有人会有这样的反应。没有什么比艰苦的比赛更紧张的了。没有什么比玩家的精彩。没有什么比得上舞台时的地面震动。

Doesn’t matter if you have the crowd with you or against you.There’s so much energy you feel there.I don’t think there’s anything like CS as an FPS game, as a show, as entertainment.It’s a complex game, a game that’s there for 20 years, but there’s still new stuff	不管是你的人群，还是你的对手。有这么多的能量。我觉得没有CS这样的FPS游戏，没有CS这样的节目，没有CS这样的娱乐。这是一个复杂的游戏，一个已经存在了20年的游戏，却还有新的东西。

People keep improving, keep getting better.This game is limitless	人在进步，人在进步。这游戏无限。

Alright, amazing.I’m gonna ask everybody to say thank you and then I’m gonna let you go.I just wanna say thank you so much for doing this.-sur	好，厉害。我让大家说声谢谢，然后就放你走。我只想谢谢你这么做。-是

And really, all the best wishes to you.I think you have the experience.You have the skills.You have the motivation.And maybe all you need is just a good situation for you to be comfortable in	真的，祝福你。我觉得你有经验。你有本事。你有动力。或许，你需要的只是一个舒服的好环境。

Because that’s what an awper needs right?You need comfort, stability.If you have that, who knows?-definitel	因为这就是锥子需要的吧？你需要安慰，需要稳定。有，谁知道呢？-明确

As someone said earlier, I’m just gonna try to keep the perseverance.Thank you guys.I always like doing things with the Chinese.I swear to god.Every time someone asks me to do something with China, I always say yes, alway	“就像刚才说的那样，我只是想坚持一下。谢谢你们。我一向喜欢和华夏人打交道。我对天发誓。每次有人要我为华夏做点什么，我总是说是，总是

There’s just so much love.And I’m sure that there’re lots of kids in Brazil, lots of kids in India that you’ve inspired, but in China, I get to interact with them everyday	有那么多的爱。我相信巴西有很多的孩子，印度有很多的孩子都是你启发的，但是在中国，我每天都可以和他们交流。

Some of the messages that they say to me, they wanna send to you, it’s so genuine.It’s from the bottom of their hearts.And I just hope you know that	他们对我说的一些话，都是想给你发的，真的。这是发自内心的。我只希望你知道。

That’s what I like the most about Chinese people.It’s probably cultural.Every country has their own culture, their own way to behave, but Chinese people are just genuinely expressive	这才是我最喜欢的。大概是文化吧。每个国家都有自己的文化，也有自己的行事风格，但华夏人，却是真正的表达。

They’re happy to see you, and you will see that they’re happy to see you.I’m kind of similar myself.I have a strong personality.I show my strong emotions.I show them.It is what it is	他们很高兴见到你，你也会看到他们很高兴见到你。我也差不多。“性格很强。我流露出强烈的情绪。我给他们看。就是这样。

If I’m happy to see you, you notice it.If I’m not happy to see you, you notice it as well.But that’s what I like the most about Chinese crowd and audience.They’re just so genuine	如果我高兴见到你，你会注意到的。见到你不高兴，你也会注意到的。但这就是我最喜欢的中国观众。真是货真价实。

Can you make a heart for us?-yeah, like that or like that?-you’re pretty good at making those hearts.-why do my hands look so stupid	你能为我们做一颗心吗？“是吗？-你很会做心。“我的手怎么这么笨？

Thank you very much.It was a pleasure.-thank you so much.Have fun in Maldives.And when you come back, get back to the grind.Please stream a lot.-I will -we’re all very up-to-date with your streams	非常感谢。这是一种享受。——谢谢。在马尔代夫玩的开心。回来的时候，回到练级区。请多多指教。-我会的-我们都是最新的。

Thank you so much, and we’ll talk to you soon hopefully, have fun -thank you guys, I love you China.Bye bye	谢谢你们，我们很快就会和你们谈，玩的开心，谢谢你们，我爱你们华夏。再见。