How's the sound quality and everything	音质什么的怎么样
Hello hello. Yeah I can hear you	哈喽哈喽 能听见你
Is it laggy or anything? -no it’s super clear- Is everything good? Good. Yeah, man	会卡吗 -不 非常清楚 -都可以吗 那很好
Really nice to see you, man. Holy shit hold on 1 second let me show you something	很高兴能见到你 哇靠 等一下 我给你看个东西
Bro, let me show you something. Bro. You see this	兄弟 我给你看个东西 你看到了吗
Yeah I see that	看到了
Sometimes I wonder, like, do you have any idea how popular you are in China? Do you have any idea	有时我会想 你到底知不知道你在中国有多受欢迎
No, not really	并不很知道
I think you're almost on s1mple’s level. I think a big reason -really?- I think a big reason is you look Asian, so it’s almost like seeing Jeremy Lin or Yao Ming in the NBA you know what I mean	我觉得你几乎在s1mple的级别 -真的吗 -跟你是亚洲人有关系 这就好比看到林书豪或者姚明打NBA一样 懂我意思吗
Because you're Asian and you play at such a high level and everything and you are just so freaking popular here. It’s crazy man	因为你是亚裔 打得又这么好 你的人气在这边简直太高了
That's really humbling to hear	这让我很荣幸
Do you have any idea what your nickname is in China	你知不知道你在中国的外号是什么
When I was on Liquid, some of the Huya people told me that my nickname was the Director	我在Liquid的时候 虎牙的人跟我说我的外号是总监
Director, yeah. So basically there's three levels to this. Number one director, it means like head of a department, right?	总监 是的 总监有三层意思 首先总监是部门总管的意思
You oversee like you own it. And then also it’s cause of your hair	你负责监督工作 然后还因为你的发型
When you walk into a barber shop in China, you can get your haircut by a regular barber. You can get your hair cut by some advanced barbe	你在中国理发的时候 你可以找一个普通的理发师 或者高级一点的理发师
and then someone would come in and he would be like the director. He would come out with like the craziest hair	然后有个人走进来 留着最拉风的发型 他就是发型总监
And that's when you know like that’s the guy. He's gonna do a good job on your hair. -I didn't know that there were levels to it	你一看就知道 就是他了 他给你剪头肯定剪得很好 -我之前不知道原来有这么多层意思
So there's like three layers like giving you a haircut. It works in English, too, like headshots, right	三层意思 在英文里也说得通 给人剃头就是爆头的意思
And you headshot so much, so there's like three layers to it, like you hand out haircuts	然后你这么擅长爆头 所以是三层意思 你给别人剃头
That's true. I didn't realize there is so much going on there	确实 我之前不知道原来这么内涵
Do you wanna how to say it? It’s Zong Jia	你想学一下怎么读吗 总监
Hey, Russ, can you give us a “hey guys, I’m Zong Jian”	Russ你可不可以给我们来一个 你们好 我是总监
That's pretty good. All right. Let's start. This is so exciting. We have so many questions to go through	挺好的 好的 咱们开始吧 太兴奋了 我们准备了很多问题
First of all, where in Canada are you from originally	首先 你之前是加拿大哪里人
I'm from British Columbia in the small town called Kelown	我来自英属哥伦比亚省的一个小镇 叫基洛纳
Oh you are from Kelowna? -Yeah it’s my hometown- I was in Vancouver for 8 years	啊你是基洛纳的吗 -是的 我的家乡 -我之前在温哥华待了8年
Really? Yeah that's where I still own an apartment, in Vancouve	是吗 我在温哥华还有间公寓
Kelowna is where they had all the… like Ocean and the boys, right? Like all the OG Canadian cs players, they're all from Kelowna, I remember	Ocean那帮人就是基洛纳的对吧 最早的那些加拿大CS选手 我记得他们都是基洛纳的
Yeah, most of them are from around that area, usually between like Vancouver and Kelowna. There's some small areas like Abbotsford and stuff	是的 他们大多数都在那边 在温哥华和基洛纳之间 还有一些小地方比如阿伯茨福德
Ocean and Semphis I remember, I actually played against them at LAN but this was like 10… 13 years ago, a long time ago. -haha, still count	我记得Ocean和Semphis 我线下赛还打过他们 不过这都得十…十三年前了 很久了- 哈哈 仍然算的
So Mr. Director, what kind of hair gel do you use? And how long do you spend on your hair every single day	总监先生 你都用什么发胶 你每天打理发型需要花多久
I usually, I’d say 10 or 15 minutes that's between like blow-drying and styling as well	一般来说 差不多10-15分钟吧 包括吹头和做发型
I mean hair gel... it's not really like a gel, it's like a paste	发胶的话 我这并不算发胶 算发泥吧
So it kind of just depends, depends on like what kind of texture your hair is	用什么产品取决于你头发的材质
So if your hair is like really coarse, or it's very soft, then that's what kind of material you have to use. You have to find what works for you. But I just use a paste on my hair	所以如果你头发特别粗糙 或者特别软 可能就得用(发胶) 你得找到一个适合你的产品 不过我就用发泥
Yeah, that's actually… 10, 15 minutes. That's actually way less than I expected. Because I thought like the hair that you pull out every single day would require so much longer	才10-15分钟吗 比我预期的要短很多 我以为你每天拉风的发型需要多得多的时间去打理
Sometimes I don't even style it. I just wake up and that's my hair like I came back from the gym like 10 minutes ago. This is just my hair like from how it is when I wake up	有的时候我根本不打理 醒了之后就直接是这个头了 比如现在这个 我10分钟前刚健身回来 我今天早上醒了就是这个头型
Speaking of gym, there's a lot of questions about your gym routine. Can you just sort of tell us a little bit about the role of working out in your life	说到健身 很多人在问你的健身日程 你可以讲一讲健身在你生活中的作用吗
Yeah, so at the end of 2018, I started exercising, but back then it was kind of just like cardio and small weight lifting	好的 2018年末的时候我开始健身 不过那时候只是做做有氧和比较轻的重量练习
And throughout 2019 and I progressed and I started focusing on it a lot more along my nutrition	然后整个2019年我就加强了训练 花很多精力在上面 包括我的饮食
And then at some point, it just became a thing that I needed in my life. I couldn't really function without it, like when I needed to release stress I needed to go work out	然后在某一个它就变成了我生活中的必需品 我就离不开健身了 需要释放压力的时候我就去健身
Over time it became the balance of my routine. There was something to divide my outside life stuff along with my job	久而久之就成了我每日计划中的那个平衡 把我的工作和生活其他事情隔开
Do you think working out affects your game performance in a positive way	你觉得健身会积极地影响你在比赛中的发挥吗
Yeah of course. I think it leads to a lot of confidence. And when you're a new gym goer and you really get into it, it starts to build that discipline for you	当然了 我觉得健身给我带来很多自信 当你开始好好健身的时候 你就会开始建立自律性
Where like if you're in the gym and you're not afraid of failing, you're not afraid of trying to lift heavier weights, and it's okay to fail, because it starts to build that limit	比如你在健身房里 不怕失败 不怕去挑战更大的重量 失败没有关系 这会帮你找到你的极限
I feel like you can apply that limit to everything else in life, as long as you have the same mentality	你可以把这种极限应用到生活中的其他事情 只要你抱有相同的心态就可以
This question comes from a diehard fan of yours, the necklace that you wear all the time, what is the story behind it	这个问题来自于你的一个铁粉 你总是会戴的那条项链 背后的故事是什么
This one, or the blue one? -I guess, the one you wear when you play matches. Is that the one	这条吗 还是蓝色那条 -应该吧 你打比赛戴的那条 是那条吗
The necklace I’m wearing right now is a partnership necklace with my girlfriend. So we both have matching necklaces	我现在戴的这条项链是和我女朋友的情侣项链 我们有匹配的一对
What I wore when I was on Liquid, the gold one, it was kind of like my first, a first expensive thing that I’ve ever purchased before	我在Liquid戴的金的那条 算是我买过的第一个比较贵的东西
So I started to always wear it with me and I feel like it brought some kind of aura to my life, like when I started investing into myself and trying to focus on like my appearance and be healthier,	我开始戴了之后 我就觉得它给我的生活带来了一种光环 当我开始对自己投资 开始专注于自己的形象 更健康地生活
I feel like that's when things started to change in my life, so I started to look at the necklace as sign of luck or a sign of progression	我觉得就是那个时候我的生活开始变好了 所以我把那条项链当做吉祥物或者进步的一种标志
So Mr. Director, how are you so cool in every aspect? Your personality, your playstyle, your grip and everything, just the way that you carry yourself… 	总监先生 你为何全方位地都能这么酷 你的性格 你的打法 鼠标握法等等 你的行为举止
When did all this whole persona form for you	这整个人格是什么时候形成的呢
Probably formed around the later stage of 2018. That’s when I started working out and stuff	差不多在在2018年后期形成的吧 那时候我开始健身了
And before that, I decided to try to like change myself because I felt like I was boring, like I had like a boring personality	在那之前 我下决心改变自己 我之前觉得我有点无趣 我的性格有些无趣
I wanted to be like… I feel like there was more to me than what I was showing	我就想成为 我觉得当时我展现出来的并不是完整的自己
And then I kind of just let it go and I didn't really care about what the public had to say -you just let loose- and I just want to be mysel	然后我就放开了 不管别人怎么说 -你就放飞自我了 -我就只想做自己
Yeah, I just wanted to be myself and that's where I feel it started rolling. And I didn't really care about the public eye	是的 我就想做我自己 然后我就觉得一切都开始改变了 不去管别人怎么看我
I think other things like my mouth grip and stuff were just unintentional. Honestly, my grip wasn't always like that. It just transitioned into that	我觉得其他事情 比如我的鼠标握法 是无意的 我的握法并不一直是那样的 是慢慢过渡到那样的
I feel like staying cool under pressure is just about having a strong mentality. And I feel like I built that up over the past years	我觉得在压力下保持冷静要得益于有强大的心态 我觉得在过去这些年我逐步炼就了这个
So the hairstyle, the tattoo and all the cool stuff, the personalized stuff, do you think these things give you confidence when you're playing in matches	你的发型 纹身 这些酷的个性的东西  你觉得会在比赛时给你信心吗
Not really, I just look at it like it's who I am, the tattoos and stuff. There is a reason to get all the tattoos and I’m happy with the things I’ve chosen to put on myself	并不算吧 我觉得这些都是我的一部分 纹身什么的 去做这些纹身是有原因的 我很满意我刻在身上的这些东西
But yeah, of course it leads to the confidence, but it's kind of just, not everyone can get a tattoo. It could be very painful for some people	不过也是 确实会带来自信 并不是每一个人都能做纹身 它对于一些人来说会很痛苦
So I feel like that was kind of trying to break a barrier down. When I first started getting tattoos, it's like I have to prove to myself that I’m strong. And that was part of the process	所以对我来说纹身打破了一种屏障 我刚开始做纹身的时候 那感觉就像是我要向我自己证明我够坚强 这也是成长的一部分
So Mr. Director, how did you come by CSGO? What were the events that led you to start playing CSGO	总监先生 你是如何接触到CSGO的 是因为什么才开始打CSGO的
but then for 3 or 4 months, we only focused on League of Legends. And we were playing as a group, and it was pretty fun	后来有三四个月之间 我们就只玩英雄联盟 一起组队玩 还挺开心的
But then some of us kind of got bored of the game per se. So I went with two other friends and we started playing CS and then that's where it started	不过后来有些人有点厌倦英雄联盟了 然后我就和两个朋友开始玩CS 就是那时候开始的
In 2014, I started playing CS a lot, and my other friends kind of gave up on it slowly	2014年我开始经常玩CS 我其他的朋友慢慢都放弃了
But for me, it was like the best game ever. I just loved everything about cs, like the economy aspect, the learning curve, you have to learn the spray patterns and everythin	但对于我来说 CS就是史上最好的游戏 我爱CS的一切 经济系统 学习曲线 你需要去学习弹道轨迹之类的
You have to learn positioning like how to peek and I just enjoy every second of playing the game	你要学习选位 如何露/拉 玩这游戏的每一秒钟我都很享受
There was no other game that gave me this intense feeling of like when you're in a clutch situation, and all the pressure’s on you, no other game gave me tha	没有别的游戏能给我这种紧张激烈的感觉 当你打残局 所有压力都在你身上的时候 没有别的游戏给过我这种感觉
like when I was playing League, I never had that feeling like I have to clutch up for my team right now. I felt like there was never that situation	我玩英雄联盟的时候 从没有过有一种我得为我的队伍赢下残局的感觉 因为不会遇到这样的情形
But in CS it was a special feeling. There's a lot of things about the game that brought me in. And I have a big passion for the game I feel	但在CS这是一种很特别的感觉 CS的很多东西都把我吸引了进去 我对这个游戏有很大的热情
Were you like insane right away at CS or	你上来就很厉害吗
I think I was a lot better than the average person that would touch the game for the first time	我觉得我比刚接触这游戏的人一般都要厉害很多
But when did you realize that ok I’m pretty sick at this? Like I can make a living out of thi	但你是什么时候发现 啊我真挺强的 我可以靠这个吃饭
Probably shortly after Ocean brought me on to his team, it was the first pro league season	估计是Ocean刚带我去他队里的时候 第一个Pro League赛季
because at the time they were still like besides C9, it was like the biggest org in NA, that's when I felt like okay this is the part where my career needs to take off right now	因为当时除了C9他们就是北美最大的俱乐部了 那时我就觉得 好的 我的职业生涯现在需要起飞了
And you just never looked back -no- never looked back	然后你就再没回过头 -再没回过头
What is the most meaningful skin to you? And what is the story behind it	对你最有意义的皮肤是哪个 背后的故事是什么
That’s tough to say. It's probably the Red Kimono gloves to be honest. I just like the color of them	很难讲 估计是深红和服的手套吧 我喜欢它们的颜色
In 2017, or 2018, only top tier players were using the gloves. I felt like I was in that upper echelon of high skilled players, I just like the colors. I don't know	17 18年那会 只有最强的那些选手们会用手套 我觉得我属于最高级别的选手的范畴里 很喜欢那个颜色
It's red and black and white, and it has the Canadian flag colors. I'm proud to be a Canadian. So it fits to me	红 黑 白 有加拿大国旗的颜色 我是一名自豪的加拿大人 所以很适合我
Bit of foreshadowing too, because it’s Faze’s color, right? -Yeah now it’s Faze’s color	而且是个伏笔 因为它是Faze的颜色对吗 -是的 现在是Faze的颜色了
So how did you get them? Did you open a case or you just bought them? Is there a story behind it	你是怎么得到它们的 开箱子还是直接买的 背后有故事吗
Back in 2017. I just bought them. It was probably one of my first expensive CS skin purchases	17年的时候我就买了 应该是我买的第一个贵的CS皮肤
Once you buy them you're just like okay I just bought these like I gotta get really serious now	你买了它们之后就觉得好的 我买了这手套 我就得非常认真打游戏了
Yeah, before I was buying like 300-400 dollar knives. Whenever like if I wanted to go change knives, I’d just sell them and buy another one	是的 之前我就买些三四百美元的刀 我想换刀的时候就卖了然后再买一个
But the gloves were like 800-900 dollars and I like it's a bigger purchase for me	但手套是八九百美元 所以是一个更重要的购买
So a ton of people are asking about your aim routine. Can you go through your aim routine for us every single day	很多人在问你的练枪计划 你可以介绍一下你每天的练枪计划吗
Yeah, so before practice and stuff, obviously I’m on player break now, my routine is different, but during the season, when I get on CS instantly go into aim_botz and I play for 10 to 15 minutes there	好 在训练之前 当然了现在我在休假 我的练枪计划会有所不同 不过在赛季中的时候 我打开CS就会去aim_botz 然后打10到15分钟
And then when the aim feels good enough for me, also when I’m in aim_botz, I don’t line up all the opponents in one sector. I leave the map as it is like when you first load in	然后我觉得准度差不多了的时候 还有我打aim_botz的时候 我不把对手全放在一个区域里 你进图里什么样就是什么样
So you're spinning and you're rotating -yeah, rotating a lot like focusing on flicking left and right or just keeping it general,	所以你会一直转 -是的 会转很多 专注左右的甩枪
because I feel like when you narrow down the aiming fields, it's unrealistic. It's not like how the actual game would be when you're playing	我认为当你缩小瞄准范围的时候 就变得不实际了 真正比赛的时候不是这样的
So I kind of just leave it as it is when I first join the server. After 10 to 15 minutes, I join a DM session and I play there for probably 20 to 30 minutes. Sometimes I just like lose track of how long i'm playing when I don't have practice	所以进来的时候图什么样我就让它什么样 10到15分钟之后 我就开始打死斗 然后打差不多二三十分钟 有时没有训练的时候 我打死斗都会忘记时间
So I just keep playing until I feel like it's enough, but I usually play dm up until I practice	所以我就一直打到我觉得够了的时候 平时我一般打死斗打到开始训练
Lately, something that’s part of my routine that's not aim related is surfing. -oh my god you surf? Dude, I just got into serving man -I surf a lo	最近我的练习计划跟枪法无关的是滑翔 -我的天哪 你滑翔吗 兄弟 我最近很沉迷滑翔 -我滑得很多
I can surf most tier2 maps, but that's about it	我可以滑完大部分2级图 不过也就这样了
Yeah. Usually I just use surf haven, like very easy server, and I just focus on cutting my times down	是的一般我会在surf haven 非常简单的服里 然后就试着改善我的通关时间
I was literally serving for like half an hour before the interview -really?- And my fans were like hey you should ask Twistzz about if he likes to surf or not	采访之前我真滑了差不多半小时 -真的吗 -我的粉丝们还说你应该问问总监喜不喜欢滑翔
Cause I know that f0rest surfs, but I didn’t know that you would be so into surfin	因为我知道f0rest经常滑翔 但我不知道你会这么喜欢
Yeah, I think a couple of players are into surfing. For me, it's like more fun. I wanted to find something within cs that I could use to pass time, cause I don't really like going to other games to pass time	是的 有些选手就很喜欢滑翔 对于我来说 很有意思 我想在CS里找一个可以打发时间的模式 因为我不是很喜欢用其他游戏打发时间
And it started… our first bootcamp as a team in Serbia, karrigan was surfing a lot, and then it kind of made everyone competitive, like everyone wanted to get on the server and beat his time	我们队的首次训练营 在塞尔维亚的时候 karrigan会经常滑翔 然后每个人都竞争起来了 大家都想进服打破他的记录
So ever since then I kind of just got stuck to surfing	从那以后我就喜欢上滑翔了
Back to DM real quick. What do you think is the most correct way to play dm	再回到死斗的话题上 你觉得打死斗最正确的方法是什么
Sometimes when some people play dm they're like I just get shot in the back like there’s no point. What do you say to that	有些人打死斗的时候就觉得 我总是屁股被打 死斗没有意义 对此你有什么看法
Honestly, that's kind of just the game, especially when you join a dm server that has 24+ people, it becomes very hard to avoid getting shot in the bac	说实在的 这就是游戏的一部分 尤其是你进那种超过24个人的死斗服 想不被打屁股就变得非常难
So usually for me I just hope I get lucky when I spawn and that I can get out of the spawn trap	对于我来说 我就希望出生的时候能运气好点 能逃出出生的陷阱
Then usually I just try roaming on the map, but obviously it's different for each skill level	然后我一般就四处乱跑 当然了 对于不同级别的玩家是不一样的
For me, it would be easier to run around the map and win the aim duels that I’m taking and like whatever part, mirage or dust2	对于我来说 四处乱跑赢下对枪会更容易些 不管是在mirage还是dust2
I'd say for people, it’s easier to let your nerves go a bit and just like volume zero and put music on. -It's so relaxing when you put volume on zero. Dm becomes so relaxin	对大部分玩家来说 我觉得放轻松 把音量调到0会更好 -音量调到0死斗就变得很轻松
Yeah it becomes like a workout session. You just put your music on and everything else doesn't matter now	是的 就变成像健身训练一样 把音乐打开 什么都不重要了
So I feel like that's what most people should focus on doing, because I get tilt when I die to people walking around in a dm server. -listening to footstep	我觉得大部分人可以这样 因为我被在死斗里静步的人打死就会很破防 -那些听脚步声的人
Yeah, I just get pre-fired running around the corner. I was like that's great man congratulations	是的 我跑着跑着转角就被提前枪打死了 我就 真有你的 恭喜你
Yeah. I think the best way to train is volume zero and focus on your aim. -and don't ever press tab. Just play -pretty muc	是的 我觉得最好的训练方式就是音量0 然后专注于你的瞄准 -都不要按TAB 打就完了 -基本上是
There's no point of pressing tab unless you feel like you have a goal, you're like trying to reach a certain amount of kills in a certain amount of time. Then I understand like pressing tab	按TAB没有意义 除非你有一个人头或者时间的目标 那样我就觉得可以按TA	So what are your thoughts on the recent roster shuffles, monesy to G2, dupreeh magisk to Vitality. What are your thoughts on that	你对最近的阵容调整怎么看 monesy去G2 dupreeh和magisk去Vitality 
Yeah, it seems like changes are getting more and more confirmed every week	是的 感觉每周都会有更多变阵消息得到证实
I think both the changes are… I’d say the Vitality one is a bit more interesting. You have two players that have never played on an international team before	我觉得这两个变阵 Vitality的变阵更有意思些 两名选手都从来没在国际纵队打过
I mean all of the players actually have never played on an international team before. Apex has always led in French. Zywoo’s never had teammates who spoke English	其实所有选手都没在国际纵队打过 Apex之前一直都用法语指挥 Zywoo从没有过说英语的队友
And then on the other side, you have dupreeh and magisk who have also never played on an international team before, have not communicated in English as often as the international teams	而在另一边dupreeh和magisk都从没在国际纵队打过 没有其他国际纵队那么丰富的用英语交流的经验
So I think it's gonna be like a learning curve for them. And I don't think they're gonna be instantly good. I think it's gonna take them probably 5 or 6 months to really hash things out before they see any results, like top fours or whatever	所以我觉得他们会有一条学习曲线 我不认为他们能立刻很厉害 我觉得他们会花五六个时间去磨合 然后才能看到类似前4的成绩
For monesy to G2, I think it's kind of like a s1mple story, I guess, although he shouldn't really want to live in the shadow of s1mple	对于去G2的monesy 我觉得有点像s1mple的故事 不过他不应该活在s1mple的阴影下
I think he has the potential to become greater than that, but I think it's a pretty big leap. It's like a newer player, and you get the play along the side of NIKO and HUNTER and whoever else they pick up, 	我觉得他有潜力成为更好的选手 但确实是个比较大的飞跃 一名新的选手 要去和NIKO HUNTER并肩作战 以及他们签下的其他选手
They have high tier players on the team. So I think at first, it's gonna be a lot of pressure, but I think he’ll fit into a system. Nowadays, awpers are very dominant	他们队里有很高级别的选手 所以我觉得一开始会有很多压力 不过我觉得他应该能融入系统里狙击手在目前有绝对的统治力
So as long as like whatever leader they end up picking up, or if they keep NEXA, I think he'll have success on the team, 	所以不管他们签下哪个指挥 或者留下NEXA 我觉得monesy会在队里收获成功
but at the same time, I think it will take some time because he was playing in a full CIS team, an academy team	不过与此同时 他会需要一些时间 因为之前他在一个CIS的青训队里
I think international teams are a lot harder for players that originally just communicated in their native language	我觉得国际纵队对于那些之前一直用母语交流的选手来说要难很多
And what are your thoughts on kennyS trying to get back into competitive cs	你对kennyS试着回归竞技CS怎么看
I think it's great. I think the only reason he wasn't in competitive CS before was when shortly after NIKO joined G2, he re-signed his contract and then he instantly got benched with a full contract length	我觉得非常好 我觉得他之前没有在竞技CS的唯一原因是 NIKO来G2之后他很快就续约了 然后马上就坐板凳了 一整个合同的时间
So that's kind of like… not a career killer, but it puts a big pause on your contract, especially if other orgs don’t wanna buy you out	所以这就像是 也不是职业生涯的终结 但是会暂停你的生涯 尤其是其他俱乐部不想买断你合同的时候
Mhm. So I think that was a very unfortunate situation and I think that was bad by G2 to do that to him	所以我觉得是一个很不幸的情形 G2对他的做法是不好的
But I hope another team picks them up in the future. I'm not sure when his contract expires, but whenever it does, I feel like teams should trial him and test them out, because I think there's still something there	不过我希望在未来其他的队可以签下他 我不确定他的合同什么时候到期 不过到期的时候我认为其他的队应该让他试试 我觉得他还能发挥作用
There's still something in him. He's only still like 25, he's not like 30, he's still like 25 years old	他宝刀未老是吧 他现在其实也就差不多25岁 又不是30了
Yeah, exactly. He has a lot of experience as an awper. And I feel like he could be useful to a lot of teams, even a team like MOU	对的 他作为狙击手的经验非常丰富 我觉得他会适合很多队伍 哪怕MOUZ也可以
An overwhelming number of comments are saying… I can't ignore this anymore. So ropz to Faze. Is there any ground to it? Is there anything that you can tell us right now	非常非常多的弹幕在说 我没有办法不管了 ropz去Faze有什么根据吗 现在你有什么可以透露给我们的吗
There's no confirmations. I think a number of orgs are trying to get him at the moment. But honestly there's nothing to confirm to be honest at the moment, just keep an eye out on the reports coming out	现在没有确切的消息 我知道有几个俱乐部目前都想得到他 不过说真的目前没有什么确切的消息 等着看报道就好了
Do you feel like ropz would be a good fit at Faze, hypothetically	你觉得ropz会适合Faze吗 假设来说
Hypothetically, from the comments I see I don't think people really understand roles. So in the instance if we were to swap out the player that people think will be swapped out for him, then the roles fit	假设来说的话 从我看到的评论里 人们并不理解角色这个东西 如果我们用他换掉人们觉得会被换掉的那个人 那么角色是适合的
And if you look at him going to like other orgs, I don't think the roles really check out, especially in the team like Vitality or G2. I don't think the roles fit. So hypothetically, yeah. I think it checks out for us	但如果他去其他队了 尤其是Vitality或者G2 我不认为角色是合适的 所以假设来说 是的 ropz适合我们
When you stop playing for a while, how do you get back in form	当你有一段时间不打游戏的时候 你如何找回状态
Even for me, when I take a 5 day break and I come back, the game doesn't feel as it did before. For me, when I stop playing over a break and I come back, I usually just focus on aim_botz	即便是我来说 当我5天不打再回来时 这游戏的感觉就不一样了 所以我休息一段时间再回归的时候 我一边就专注打aim_bot	
Now it would be aim_botz and surfing for like 2 or 3 days	现在就是玩两三天aim_botz和滑翔
And then after that I’ll do my usual routine like aim_botz and dm and then I’ll play retake servers or whatever. That's how I’ll coast back into it	然后我就会去做我日常的计划 aim_botz和死斗 回防服之类的 我就会这样慢慢回归
You’ve been playing lot of Horizon	最近是不是老玩地平线
Yeah I got the Fanatec set up on my desk. I was playing Horizon yesterday and the game crashed a couple of times	是的 我这桌上都装好Fanatec设备了 昨天我玩地平线但是游戏崩了好几次
What's your favorite car, in horizon and in life	你最喜欢的车是什么 在地平线里还有现实里
I'm a big fan of the Silvias by NISSAN, s14 or s13 or the s15. I think they're all timeless cars. There's a reason that they're big staples in the JDM industry	我很喜欢尼桑的Silvia s13 s14 s15这些 我觉得他们都是永恒的经典 JDM圈里非常经典的车型
Probably s15 would be my dream car. I don’t really like supercars. I feel like when you get a supercar, it's mainly for the message that you're trying to send and it's not about having fun	S15估计就是我梦想的车吧 我不是很喜欢超跑 我觉得你买超跑主要是为了传达一种信息 而不是为了开心
It’s not about really being in the cars. I feel like when you have muscle cars or when you have JDM cars, there's so much you can do with them	并不是为了置身于车中 我觉得在肌肉车或者JDM车上有很多可以做的事
And if you really enjoy working on cars and getting dirty, then I feel like they're just the best	如果你喜欢折腾车 干脏活累活 那这些车就是最好的
There’s so much you can do to the cars, either LS engine swaps or you're just like going through the parts and everything. Yeah. Think there's a lot there	有非常多可以做的事情 比如换LS发动机 其他零部件之类的 有很多事情
Just how good is FPL in Europe? And how does it differ from, North American FPL	欧洲的FPL到底有多强 和北美FPL有什么区别
I’d say the beginning of last year, well it's not 2022 yet, but at the beginning of 2021, I played FPL a decent amount before joining Faze	去年开始的时候 不对 还没2022年呢 2021年年初的时候 我加入Faze之前打了不少的FP	
And I think it was good back then for me to keep active, while not on a team yet. So I didn't mind playing, and there was a decent amount of good players playing	我觉得那时候对于我是很好的事 在加入一个队前保持状态 所以我挺喜欢玩的 那时候有不少高手在玩
It wasn't just always like Russian players or the typical FPL players that you see. It would be Astralis players playing or Faze players playing	那时候不都是俄罗斯玩家或者现在那些典型的FPL选手们 那时还有Astralis的Faze的队员们会打
But now I feel like it's kind of fallen off a bit where it could be considered Russian pro league. To be honest, I feel like there's so many CIS players that play, way more than European players	但现在可能有点下降 现在就像俄罗斯pro league一样我觉得 有好多CIS选手在打 比欧洲选手要多多了
And besides skill level, because when you play in Europe, obviously the players are gonna shoot harder	然后就是水平 欧洲的选手肯定枪法要硬很多
It’s gonna be way harder opponents to play against compared to NA and I think that's the only difference right now is mechanical skill	你的对手比北美要强很多 我觉得目前唯一的区别就是操作水平
But how do these new European players get picked up or get noticed? If FPL is just full of Russians	那这些新的欧洲选手如何被注意到然后被发掘呢 如果FPL全是俄罗斯选手的话
Usually it’s through FPL still, because usually you will have that star that comes out. And they're kind of like the hidden gem in the circuits	现在一般还是通过FPL 还是会有明星选手脱颖而出 他们就像隐藏的珍宝
But I feel like the recent players that got picked up weren’t even from FPL there's something going on like behind the scenes, for instance, like when Vitality replaced Rpk, the person wasn’t in FPL at al	不过最近一些被发掘的选手都不是FPL出来的 我觉得幕后有一些动作 比如当Vitality替换Rpk时 那个人都不是在FPL里的
They just picked him up out of the dry from either like local LANs or whatever	他们就凭空签下了他 从当地线下赛之类的
I feel like that's a good approach to take, taking a new player like that. But before I think the last good EU player that was taken from FPL and put on a team was probably broky, broky to Faze	我觉得这也是一个好办法 就这么签下一个新选手 在那之前我觉得上一个FPL发掘出来的好选手就是broky了 Faze签下的broky
but yeah it doesn't happen often. And right now I feel like the CIS talent pool is a lot bigger than the other regions	是的 不是很经常能发生 现在CIS选手池比其他地区要大很多
I think Faze probably has one of the best atmospheres, or the best of vibes out of all the pro teams. Do you think that positive vibe carries on to matches	Faze可能有着职业队里最好的气氛和氛围 你觉得这种积极的氛围会延续到比赛中吗
Yeah of course, I think our positivity and the way we act as a team has a big impact on our mentality and how we are able to stay into it	当然了 我觉得我们的积极性 还有我们整队的作风对我们的心态有很多帮助 以及我们的韧性
And we obviously pull off a lot of comebacks. It's because there's not really negativity I’d say. We’re all focused into the game. We're all invested. We want to see each other succeed. And we play for each other	很显然我们能打出很多逆风翻盘 因为没有消极情绪 我们都很专注比赛 投入了很多 我们希望看到彼此成功 为彼此而战
And I think that's what helps us keep going forward, even though we don't really see that many good results. But we know, event after event, we're still putting in the work in between and we're trying hard	我觉得这会帮助我们向前进 虽然我们的成绩不是那么好 但我们知道 一个个赛事之后 我们还是很努力
And I think that's something that just comes from a good atmosphere	我觉得好的氛围就能让选手这样
So you used to play for a very talented IGL nitr0, who you have a great relationship with	你曾与一名很有天赋的指挥nitr0共事 你和他的关系非常好
Now, you're playing for another legendary IGL karrigan. What do you think is the difference between their style and similarities	现在你与另外一名传奇指挥karrigan合作 你觉得两人风格的不同和共同点是什么
I'd say they're honestly very similar from what I had, given that karrigan is a lot more prepped. I feel like he's always focused on changing the strats that we use before going into the game, rather than during the game	老实说两人很相像 karrigan的准备会更充分 我感觉我们比赛前他会很专注于修改我们的战术
Whereas nitr0 will be really focused on mid round calling or adapting mid game	而nitr0会比较专注于中局的指挥和应变
So I think those are the two differences, but at the same time, the similarities they share is like they're really good at adapting	我觉得不同点就在这里 不过同时他们都非常擅长应变
Both of these IGLs like honestly, we probably don't even need a strap book, if we just default into the game and then adapted	这两个指挥 我们可能都不需要一个战术本 我们就打默认然后应变就好了
I have full faith in both in-game leaders to figure out what's happening to us and what the perfect counter would be	我完全相信两个指挥能读懂对面的做法 并作出完美的应对
I guess obviously the difference is one was an awp IGL and one is an entry IGL. Right now, I don't really know which one I would prefer, because both of them are very, very needed like in the current meta,	当然了 还有一个不同就是一个是打狙的指挥一个是打突破的指挥 目前我并没法说更喜欢哪个 在目前的常规打法当中两个人都非常关键
because I don't think teams can afford to have a passive IGL anymore. I just don't think it works like your IGL needs to be awping or it needs to be entrying	我觉得职业队已经不能有打法保守的指挥了 这样不行 你的指挥要么就打狙要么就打突破
I'm just happy to have played with both in my career already	我很高兴在我的职业生涯和两个人都合作过
So are you still in touch with your old Liquid teammates	你和之前Liquid的队友们还保持联系吗
Yeah, I still, whenever I see them at events, I usually talk to them. During Blast, I talked to EliGE a decent amount. We're still a good friends	是的 在赛事看到他们时我一般都会去聊天 在BLAST的时候 我跟EliGE聊了很多 我们仍然是好朋友
I still probably talk to nitr0 the most. Even when he was in Valorant, we’d still like chat or try to play games. It's nice to have that relationship that carries on past the past your era as teammates	Nitr0估计仍然是我联系最多的那一个 即便当他在打瓦罗兰特的时候 我们仍然一起聊天 打游戏什么的 这种关系在不做队友了之后还能持续就非常好
Cause I feel like when you accomplish so much together and then you don't talk afterwards it’s kinda sad, like did you really build anything up from that history	因为如果你们一起成就了那么多 之后却不联系 就很悲哀 这段时间里你们到底建立了什么 
But who knows? Maybe one day I’ll get to play with them again in a competitive environment	谁知道呢 也许有一天我能又能跟他们一起竞技
What are your thoughts on nitr0 coming back to CS? And do you think that there's a resurgence to NACS	你对nitr0回归CS怎么看 你觉得NACS在复兴吗
I think I'm pretty happy that he's coming back and that he left Valorant. And I think he's kind of making other players that left cs for Valorant reconsider their option to	我很高兴他能回来 离开瓦罗兰特 我觉得这让一些离开CS去瓦的选手重新考虑他们的选择
and probably starting to think that maybe going back to cs is like the better play given all the LANs that will happen next year	去想也许回归cs是更好的选择 因为明年会有很多线下赛
If that happens, I can definitely see a resurgence in NACS. But until more players come back, like autimatic and stuff, I think it will be hard for NA to rebuild fully	如果这样的话我觉得NACS肯定能复兴 不过直到autimatic等等选手回归之前 NA想完全重建会比较困难
But as of right now, I think the rumored Liquid team looks pretty strong. And I’m happy that the NA scene and will have like a staple team to look forward to again	现在的话 传言的Liquid阵容感觉挺强的 我很高兴NA能又有一支值得期待的旗舰队伍
So you recently switched to the g pro wireless. What are your thoughts on it	你最近开始用GPW2 感想是什么
Yeah, obviously I’m Steelseries ambassador, so I work with them closely on their products. I was just having some small issues, the mouse I was using. And obviously I’ve relayed the feedback to them and stuff	我是赛睿大使 我与他们紧密合作设计产品 之前我用的赛睿鼠标有些小问题 我都反馈给他们了
And we're working on making a better product. But in terms of the other mice that I switched to, I think they're very well and it's nice for me to get to use them too	我们在合作研发更好的产品 我使用的其他鼠标都很不错 有机会用它们也很好
Because then when I go back I could help Steelseries create a better product. That’s because I have the experience of using the newer mice that have come out. I have nothing negative to say about the recent mice I've used	因为当我回归赛睿鼠标时我就能帮助赛睿研制更好的产品 以我使用其他更新的鼠标产品的经验 我对最近用的其他鼠标都没什么意见
So Mr. Director, who is the player that you look up to the most	总监先生你最敬仰的选手是谁
It’s hard to say, but right now I feel like I don't really have a player that I look up to anymore because I feel like I’m past that point, whereas before, I could look up the players like f0rest and stuf	很难说 现在我并没有一个敬仰的选手 我感觉我已经过了那个阶段了 之前我能敬仰f0rest这样的选手
You know the legends at the time, like Olof back in 2015, but I feel like I’m far past that point where I don't have to look up the players anymore. I want to make players look up to me. That's kind of the goal now	当时的传奇选手们 比如15年的Olof 不过我觉得我早就过了那个阶段了 我不需要敬仰其他选手 我想让选手们敬仰我 这就是我现在的目标
So what do you see yourself becoming? Where do you think that you're gonna go eventually	那你觉得你自己会成为什么样的选手 能达到什么样的高度
I feel like on the current trajectory for me, as long as I’m still working as hard as I did the entire year, and once we stabilize a bit on our current roster, then I’ll start to feel way more consistent	我觉得对于我目前的轨迹来说 只要我能保持今年一整年这样努力训练 我们的阵容一旦稳定下来 我也会感觉稳定很多
As of right now, I feel like I’m a pretty consistent player, especially on LAN, and it's all about our team getting better because that's when stars can really shine	目前我觉得我是一个发挥比较稳定的选手 尤其是在线下赛 很重要的是我们全队都能提高 这样明星选手才能真正的发光发热
If you look at NAVI right now, s1mple is putting up insane performances, but that's because he has a way stable team	你看NAVI现在 s1mple有着逆天的发挥 这是因为他的队伍很稳定
He can consistently do that now because of how stable his team is -And doesn't have to worry about anything else, just go out and fra	他这样发挥得益于他队伍的稳定 -他不需要管其他的 就去拿人头就好了
Yeah, exactly. There's always a game plan and he trusts his teammates, whereas back in the past, he didn't really trust his teammates anymore	没错 他们总是有制胜战术 他相信队友 而之前他就没有很相信队友
And I think that goes for like every team that had an era. They had really good cohesion. If you look at Astralis, device was shining and players were shining because they believed in the system and that teamwork was good	我觉得每一个有过王朝/时代的队伍都是这样 他们很有凝聚力 你看Astralis那时候 device发光发热 其他队员也是 因为他们相信自己的体系 配合也很好
And it's no different for us like in 2019 Liquid, when we had three players in the top ten. And that's just because of our teamwork. And we have full belief in the system	我们2019年的Liquid也是这样 我们有3名选手在top 10 这得益于我们的团队配合 还有我们完全信任我们的体系
So we just need to find that in Faze and stabilize and find consistency	所以我们要找到Faze的体系 稳住 然后寻求稳定的发挥
Yeah, I think it stems from Faze’s 2018 lineup where just everybody was a superstar. So everybody was like a galactic player	是来自于Faze 2018年的阵容 每名选手都是超级巨星 每个人都是宇宙级别的选手
But that name just carried through and now we still call you guys that and Faze is just so popular in China	然后那个名字就一直沿用下来 我们现在仍然叫Faze银河战舰 Faze在中国人气简直太高了
And so is everybody, and you, and it’s just so crazy man. And hopefully when covid dies down and there will be matches in China, you guys can come here. That would be really cool	每名选手都是 还有你 简直太疯狂了 希望疫情结束后中国能有线下赛 然后你们能过来 这样就太好了
That's really awesome to hear. There’s supposed to be an event in China, Funspark, -yeah IEM Winter, Funspark too. IEM Winter is a year from now. Hopefully everything's gonna get taken care of	能听到这个很高兴 Funspark应该会在中国 -对 IEM Winter 还有Funspark IEM Winter 还有一年的时间 希望到时候一切都会解决
Yeah I just wish there's like more freedom to Esports players. We could just like travel wherever and be let in despite the restrictions	是的 我希望电竞选手能有更多的出行自由 还能去各地比赛
Have you played against any of the TYLOO players right now	你和天禄现在的队员们交手过吗
We played against two teams in practice. We scrimmed twice against TYLOO, I think before Blast	我们和两支队伍打过训练赛 Blast之前和天禄打过两次训练赛
And then we also played against Lynn Vision, when they were first here for Blast Showdown. Both teams have players that can shoot really hard, 	还有LVG 他们来打Blast Showdown的时候 两个队都有枪法非常硬的队员
and you have the bomb on the awper, and then you have the lurker, say like, three players are like attacking A, then you have one player at b trying to go find the one player holding the sit	狙击手带包 然后你有自由人 比如说3个人打A 然后b有一个人试着打掉那个独自守包点的人
and if he gets that kill, then you just go back to the site where you got the kill. That's like the current meta right now and feel like it's hard for the Asian teams and the NA teams come over and have to play against it	如果打掉了 你们就回去那个包点 目前的常规打法就是这样 我觉得亚洲和北美队伍过来打会比较困难
Hopefully they can stay in Europe. They can bootcamp in Europe and then get better	希望他们能留在欧洲 在欧洲训练营然后提高
I think they're still here, right? -I think so. -I don't think they left. That's good	他们现在还在欧洲对吧 -我觉得是的 -他们应该还没走 那很好
It's good. They finished the matches, but they can always play more scrims	很好 他们比赛都打完了 但是训练赛可以一直打下去
Yeah, exactly. As long as there's an event going on, there's always gonna be scrims to find	是的 没错 只要有赛事的话 就能找到训练赛
I know you're very busy guy. I know that even though right now you're on a break. Our very last segment, just let me read some messages that some of your diehard fans want to send to you. Is that okay? -oka	我知道你非常忙 虽然现在在休假 我们最后的环节 我给你读一些你铁粉想对你说的话 可以吗 -可以
So Mr. Director, I’ve been a fan of you for 2 or 3 years. I'm already working, but whenever you play a match I would stay up and watch it	总监 我粉你两三年了 我已经工作了 但是只要你有比赛我就会熬夜看比赛
And there's a lot of hardship in life, but when I watch you, it’s not that hard anymore. So hopefully you can just keep fragging and we're always gonna support you	现在生活很难 但我只要看你比赛 一切就没有那么难了 所以希望你能接着大杀四方 我们会一直支持你
That's really wholesome, that message, staying up to watch the games	这太暖心了 这条信息 熬夜看比赛
So Mr. Director, please make sure that you get a lot of rest every day, just make sure that you take care of your body, your health, because health is the number 1 thing	总监 每天一定要好好休息 照顾好自己的身体 健康是第一位的
Nice. I support that one a lot. That's a good message	我十分同意 这很好
So Mr. Director, although NAVI is number one right now, we still support you guys fully, everybody on your team. And do you think that a major championship is on the cards	总监 虽然NAVI现在是第一 但我们还是完全支持你们 你们的每一个人 你觉得能拿Major冠军吗
For next year? I definitely think that Faze will be able to win events. And the goal is, at least a personal goal is to win an event in the first 4 months of next year	明年吗 我觉得Faze一定能去赢赛事 目标是 起码我个人的目标 是明年前4个月赢下一个赛事
And then, yeah, either if that's a Major, or if it's some small events, it still counts as a win in my heart. And I think a Major win is on the cards. Sure	不管是Major还是小一点的赛事 对于我来说都是胜利 我觉得Major冠军一定在计划内
This one's really heavy. So Mr. Director, you are my favorite player. And I used to be someone like you who didn't have a lot of confidence	这条挺沉重的 总监 你是我最喜欢的选手 我之前也像你一样
I tried to find meaning of life in video games. After I found you, I felt like you were someone that I just knew across the ocean. We have so many similarities	我试着在游戏中找到生活的意义 在我找到你之后 我感觉虽然你在大洋彼岸 但是我认识你很久了 我们有很多的共同点
I like how you're so shy, but you like to laugh a lot. But I’m so glad to see that you're able to find a team that you can call home. And I’m always gonna support you. Wow	我喜欢你很腼腆但又很喜欢笑 我特别高兴你能找到一个像家一样的队伍 我会一直支持你的 哇
That's a really deep message	这条很沉重
Because you’ve come such a long way, I know that there's a documentary on you on Youtube. I know that you've come such a long way	因为你经历了太多太多 我知道油管上有一个关于你的纪录片
5 years ago, I would never predict that I'm playing for Faze Clan in an international team, living in Europe. I could have never predicted that 	5年前我不可能想得到我会为国际纵队Faze效力 在欧洲生活 我不可能预料得到
I couldn't predict the 2019 Liquid era, but looking back you kno	现在回头看看 我也没法预料2019年Liquid王朝
But you were able to find so much personal growth along the way like you were able to mature so much as a person	你在这过程中获得了大量个人成长 也成熟了很多
Yeah, I think that comes from the work though, I guess. Because when you're traveling, you're constantly in different cultures, and you have to find a certain level of independence where you can function	是的 我觉得这是因为我的工作性质 当你一直出行在不同文化中 你需要找到一种独立才能
You create a routine for yourself that works. But I feel like my maturing was helped by my ex-teammates and by my current teammates	为自己建立一套有效的日常计划 我觉得我之前和现在的队友们都帮助了我的成长
And I feel like I'm always trying to work every day to grow into a better person than I was yesterday	我觉得我每天都在努力成为比昨天更好的人
Russ, I said this to f0rest when I interviewed him a few months ago, and I think what I said to him more than applies to you	Russ 我前几个月采访f0rest的时候对他说过一些话 我觉得这些话也完全适用你
I think players like you don't even know how many people you've touched, how many people you've inspired around the world	你可能都不知道你在全世界究竟鼓舞了 激励了多少人
I'm sure that there's many Brazilian kids, Indian players that you've inspired, but there's so many of these Chinese fans of mine and of yours	你肯定也激励了很多比如巴西的孩子们 印度的选手们 但你有这么多的中国粉丝
I see them every day and they come up to me. They say to me Twistzz is such an inspiration, we love Twistzz	我每天能看到他们 他们跟我说Twistzz激励了他们 很喜欢Twistz	
But yeah. I just hope that you can know that in your heart that you've inspired millions of people to get better at the game, to improve as a person to find confidence, all these things	我就是希望你心里能知道 你激励了成千上万的人 去提高游戏水平 去做一个更好的人 去找到自信心 等等等等
That's a very needed reminder, because the players are so focused on keeping their team up, keeping themselves up and working. They forget. There's a whole another level going on behind the scenes	我很需要这样的提醒 选手们太专注于努力保持队伍的竞技水平 自身的竞技水平 他们会忘了在幕后还有更深的意义
and in the world where they're inspiring people. And it's nice for you to remind me that's going on	他们激励了这世界很多人 你能提醒我这件事就很好
I read messages on my Instagram, message requests, and I guess I see a couple, but I don't really think about how much there really is, how it builds up over time, I lose track of how many	我在Ins上会看留言 我能看到一些 但我并没有想过到底积累了多少人 
And yeah, it's like I said, it's humbling	是的 就像我说的 我受宠若惊
Players like you, you grew up in adversity, there's a lot of hardship, but then you were able to find yourself. And I just think there's so much to be inspired about that. -thank yo	像你这样的选手 你在逆境和困难中成长 然后你找到了自己 我觉得这太激励人了 -谢谢你
We're just so glad that you are what you are right now	我们非常欣慰你成为了现在的样子
Thank you. I'm happy to be here. I'm happy to be getting interviewed by you man	谢谢你 我很高兴能在这里 很高兴你能采访我兄弟
So one last message, Mr. Director, I used to watch every single match that you play, but now school is very hard, so I only watch your highlights,	最后一条留言 总监 我之前会看你的每一场比赛 但现在课业很重 所以我只能看你的集锦了
but I really really like you and I feel so bad when you lose. And I just hope that you can be happy forever	但我非常非常喜欢你 你输的时候我好难过 我希望你能一直开心下去
That's a really kind message. It's already crazy to hear that people are trying to never miss a match. They're always trying to keep up	很善良的一条留言 我总是觉得很难以置信 粉丝们能一场不落地看比赛
For sure like it goes for most pro players too, but it's a very wholesome feeling to know that the fans are always trying to be there every step of the way to support. And every player needs that -Awesome	我相信大多数职业选手都这么想 是个很暖心的感觉 粉丝们无时无刻的支持 每个选手都需要这个 -太棒了
Yeah there’s a lot going on. -So much love man, so much love man. -It's, very special dude. Thank you guys	哇 太多了 -有很多的爱 很多的爱 -真太特别了 谢谢你们
Just know that there's hundreds of thousands, millions of people here rooting for you, watching your matches, keeping up with you	希望你知道在这里有成千上万的人支持你 看你的比赛 追随你
Can you make a heart for your fans? -make a heart? Try to make a better one here	你能给粉丝们比个心吗 -比个心吗 我试着比个更好的
Thank you, guys -That's so cool	谢谢你们 -太酷了
Thank you guys. I'm Zong Jian. -Thank you so much, man. -No worries. Thank you. -All right man. See you. -Bye. Thank you for the interview. -take it easy man	谢谢你们 我是总监 -非常感谢你 -没问题 也谢谢你 -好的 再见 -再见 谢谢你的采访